--- Nyx First Meeting ---
Nyx: Do not despair, child. Such setbacks are inevitable, and may be overcome with effort, and with time. You made contact with the goddess Athena. She shall be true to her word.
Zagreus: I believe it, Nyx. I'm grateful that you put us into contact. I know you took a considerable risk in reaching out.
Nyx: The risk is not to me. I expected the Olympians would involve themselves in this, eventually. Reveal to them no more than they already know. Are we understood?


--- Nyx First Meeting B ---
Nyx: It pleases me to speak with you at last, child. So the goddess Athena was true to her word. You and she were wise to use discretion in your task.
Zagreus: I believe it, Nyx. I'm grateful that you put us into contact. I know you took a considerable risk in reaching out.
Nyx: The risk was not to me. It was inevitable that the Olympians would involve themselves in this. The only question was how.


--- Nyx Grants Respec ---
Nyx: I trust that the Mirror in your bedchamber has proved satisfactory, dear child...?
Zagreus: Better than I could have possibly imagined, Nyx. You mentioned there was something more that it could do, once I had grown accustomed. I think I'm ready for that now.
Nyx: I think you are, as well. Then, it shall be as you wish.


--- Nyx Misc Meeting 02 ---
Nyx: Before you go, my child... your father's mood is rather difficult right now. Perhaps just leave him be.


--- Nyx Misc Meeting 04 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, this may be an odd question, but... do you know what the Fates may have in store for me? They are your daughters, right?
Nyx: The Three Fates are my daughters, yes, my child. However, I am no more privy to their workings than the naive mortals living up above. Not even the Olympians can know the weavings of the Fates.


--- Nyx Misc Meeting 05 ---
Nyx: Darkness guide you, child. You have outgrown this House, of that I am now certain. Should you return again here, I shall keep you safe.
Zagreus: I won't forget you, Nyx. I swear it.


--- Nyx Backstory 01 ---
Zagreus: Somehow, I always knew. You know... that you were not my birthmother. I mean, look at Hypnos and Thanatos. There's no way that I could have been related to *them*, everybody knew, and yet... when I finally learned for certain, it was still a shock.
Nyx: I always knew, in turn, that you would learn the truth of it, eventually. And I was fearful of what would occur after that time arrived. I'm grateful it has come and gone. Though, tell me. I still find I call you child. Is your preference that I cease to use such terms, from this point on?
Zagreus: No, Nyx, please, it's... quite all right. You may not have given birth to me, but you still cared for me. I never doubt that. Likewise, are you sure it's all right that I continue to address you by name?


--- Nyx Backstory 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, you must know something about why Father broke off ties with the Olympians, don't you?
Nyx: That is a question only your father can answer, child. I cannot tell you more than you already know.


--- Nyx About Hades 01 ---
Zagreus: I have to ask you something, Nyx. What is this debt you owe my father, anyway? Forgive my eavesdropping, it's just, I heard the two of you discussing things, and... it came up.
Nyx: ...I was here long before your father. The responsibility to govern fell to me. Yet, I could not manage on my own. I shape the darkness; ensure the integrity of the domain. I am less prone to census-taking and administering rules. I receded from such responsibilities.
Zagreus: It was too much, even for you. So... when father arrived... you welcomed him? He helped?
Nyx: I was quite skeptical of him, at first. I thought his presence merely a cruel trick of Fate. But... he worked diligently, from the start. Soon there was order where once there was none. I fashioned this House for him, and I maintain it still. We remain in partnership. In interdependency.
Zagreus: He has never taken advantage of you? Of your generosity?
Nyx: No, child. He has not. He can be short with me, as you have seen. But that is the extent of it. We have found ways to reconcile disagreements. Though, your relationship with him... it is more complicated than my own, I fear...


--- Nyx About Hades 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, all you've done to help me, with the Olympians, the Mirror, the House Contractor, I... I worry that if Father were to know, that he would turn his wrath upon you. I don't want anything to happen.
Nyx: You need not fear for me, my child. For I am not some underling your father has authority to punish if it pleases him. I am the Night; and it is by my grace that this House stands. Your father knows this. Thus, he and I have certain common goals. We are obligated to cooperate.
Zagreus: Then... if there's really nothing he can do, why go along with his deception? About my birthmother, I mean?
Nyx: Please... that is something I am not at liberty to say. When you meet your birthmother eventually... you shall understand.


--- Nyx About Hades 02 B ---
Zagreus: Nyx, all you've done to help me, with the Olympians, the Mirror, the House Contractor, I... I worry that if Father were to know, that he would turn his wrath upon you. I don't want anything to happen.
Nyx: You need not fear for me, my child. For I am not some underling your father has authority to punish if it pleases him. I am the Night; and it is by my grace that this House stands. Your father knows this. Thus, he and I have certain common goals. We are obligated to cooperate.
Zagreus: Obligated to cooperate... no wonder I thought you two truly were husband and wife.
Nyx: Your father and I... sometimes convince ourselves.


--- Nyx About Athena 01 ---
Zagreus: I heard lately from the goddess Athena, Nyx. She seems to admire you. I thought Olympians didn't like our kind?
Nyx: They typically do not. But, you are family, child. And I, why... I believed Athena wise enough to understand why someone such as I would seek her, in particular. She has, in turn, made others in her family aware.


--- Nyx About Athena 02 ---
Zagreus: Athena sends you her kindest regards, Nyx. Sounds like you have maintained some correspondence since all this began?
Nyx: We have, thank you, my child. Goddess Athena is reputed to be wise, and so she was the one I felt was the most likely to listen to reason, understand my view, and ultimately have a willingness to help. It is most fortunate that I was not mistaken about her.
Zagreus: But... you told her you're my mother. If she's supposedly so wise... isn't that quite a risk? If she finds out you've been misleading her...
Nyx: She *is *wise, child. It is precisely for that reason I expected she would understand.


--- Nyx About Ares 01 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Nyx, at first I thought I maybe should ignore this, but I wanted to give you greetings from Lord Ares, who seems rather interested in you.
Nyx: *Ah*, yes, the god of war. Among all the Olympians, he often struck me as much more accepting of our kind, born of the Underworld.
Zagreus: You're not... wait, you're not interested in him, I mean, he's... murderous... polite, though, I don't know.
Nyx: I take an interest in whomever I take interest in, my child. I thank you for the message.


--- Nyx About Ares 02 ---
Zagreus: Hey, Nyx, *erm*, Lord Ares wanted you to know, and I believe I quote, that *'I am often thinking of her here'*. Take that for what it's worth?
Nyx: I shall, thank you, my child. If the god of war is thus preoccupied with me, well then, perhaps he shall be slower to send droves of mortals to our doorstep here.


--- Nyx About Ares 03 ---
Zagreus: Help me, Nyx. Or rather, help yourself. Lord Ares seeks for me to put the two of you in contact. I mean... I don't know why I'm getting so defensive, here, now that I think on it.
Nyx: Do not concern yourself with my ability to navigate my interpersonal relationships, my child. It pleases me Lord Ares told you this. Those of Olympus rarely say such things, to any of us here.


--- Nyx About Ares 04 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, did you really start a *correspondence *with Lord Ares, as he put it to me recently? Is everything all right with you and him?
Nyx: His interest in the Underworld is genuine, and he does not regard me as beneath him, even if the technicality exists. The Olympians and the chthonic gods... we have much left to learn of one another's kind.
Zagreus: What of Father? He's forbidden any contact whatsoever!
Nyx: You have repeatedly received such contact, all despite your father's wishes, child.


--- Nyx About Ares 05 ---
Zagreus: You're going to meet Ares, sometime, Nyx? Or maybe you already have?
Nyx: What is your concern, exactly, child? Speak plain with me, or else take not my time.
Zagreus: Well, I... it's just, Ares, he's... I don't know, he just doesn't seem your type! And isn't he a little young for you?
Nyx: You do not understand the basis of our friendship, child. Lord Ares may not meet the moral standard of the mortals who hate him, or Olympians who shun him, but to me? He is cordial and eager to learn. I am quite capable of forming my own views on him.


--- Nyx About Ares 06 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Nyx, I... Ares sends you his regards again. Wanted to let you know.
Nyx: Thank you, my child. We may seldom have occasion to encounter one another, he and I, but it is good to have another friend upon Olympus. Even if goddess Athena and he are not on the best of terms.


--- Nyx About Boons 01 ---
Zagreus: The Olympians can't really see me, can they, Nyx? I mean, not very well. I get that they can sense details here and there, but... they don't know the full extent of what's going on. Are we really so far beyond their influence?
Nyx: You are enshrouded from them, child. For your own benefit, and theirs. They know as much as necessary to assist. And I trust they shall, for as long as you require. They are bound to one another as family. And they know that you require aid. Do not be too prideful to accept.


--- Nyx About Orpheus 01 ---
Zagreus: I was pleased to see an order pending approval for the release of Orpheus with the House Contractor, Nyx. If Father wants him to start singing again, locking him in Tartarus doesn't seem like the most efficient way to go about it. Besides, I think he's suffered enough.
Nyx: Your father found a certain peace from song, my child. Perhaps with this reprieve, our Orpheus shall reconsider and resume his craft.
Zagreus: You're worried Father doesn't have enough live music to enjoy while brooding over his gloomy court?
Nyx: Your father's temperament is easier to navigate when he is in relatively better spirits. And my opinion is that punishing the court musician does not further your father's goal with him.


--- Nyx About Orpheus 02 ---
Zagreus: Do you enjoy Orpheus' singing, Nyx? He seems a bit concerned that you might not.
Nyx: I am amenable to the consonance of his harmonies, child.


--- Nyx About Skelly 01 ---
Zagreus: I don't suppose the name *Skelly *happens to mean anything to you, does it, Nyx?
Nyx: It means nothing to me at all, my child. Though, why do you invoke such names within this House? Who is this Skelly, and what do you presume is the connection that exists between us?
Zagreus: *Oh*, I... well, essentially, he is an animated skeleton who shows up just outside my bedchambers, and lets me practice with my weapons on him. I sort of figured that *you *put him up to it. So it wasn't you?
Nyx: Achilles moves throughout these chambers under my own shroud, if you must know. And thus you have in your possession the Infernal Arms. But, I have not exerted further influence than that. Is this skeleton to be trusted, then?


--- Nyx Run Not Cleared 01 ---
Zagreus: I finally made it to the surface, Nyx! Confronted Father, there, out in the cold. I couldn't make it past him, but... I was so close!
Nyx: Do not despair, as I told you before. With effort and with time, most any setback can be overcome. Even your father. You have come closer to your goal. Achieve it!


--- Nyx Run Not Cleared 02 ---
Nyx: Your father is not here, and you are back. Then, it can only mean one thing. Are you all right, my child?
Zagreus: Yes, I think so, Nyx. Returning here by Father's hand does put a special sting into it, though. So, any invaluable tips on how to vanquish him? Some hidden weaknesses only you know about, something like that?
Nyx: You know his weaknesses better than anyone. Better even than he. It pains me to know that the conflict between you could not be settled in some other way. But if this is how it has to be... destroy him for me, next you fight up there. However long it takes. Would you do that?


--- Nyx About Pact 01 ---
Nyx: You have been served a Pact of Punishment, now, child. I thought to talk your father out of it, at first, but... it may serve to let you grow your power, even more.
Zagreus: Something about setbacks building character, I guess? I didn't take you for someone to look on the bright side of things, Nyx.
Nyx: It is a point of fact. If you can overcome the conditions of the Pact, your influence throughout this realm shall surely grow. Though, do not overextend, of course.


--- Nyx About Flowers 01 ---
Nyx: I thank you for the lovely flowers, child. They make my corner of the House hospitable. Such simple comforts never were for me, and yet... now that I am surrounded by them, I have found that I enjoy their presence, more than I would have admitted in the past.
Zagreus: I'm glad you like them, Nyx. Though if you don't, just give the word, and I will have them removed. Probably incinerated for good measure! Now that you mention it, though, how come you are always in this corner in particular?
Nyx: This point is closest to the center of the House. To its foundation. And, therefore, to the center of the entire realm.


--- Nyx About Herself 01 ---
Zagreus: Don't you ever get lonely down here, Nyx...? For companionship, I mean, because... I mean, just look at you, you're very beautiful, the night herself! There's nothing you can't do. When I was younger, I thought you and father, you know, but... is there not someone else?
Nyx: How very forward of you, child. I accept your compliment. Although, I am the Night, as you observe. The night conceals all. I know nothing of the loneliness which you describe. This entire realm... it is a part of me. And many of its subjects sprang from me, alone.


--- Nyx Darkness Progress 01 ---
Nyx: You appear to have grown stronger since when last we interacted, child. Your bedroom mirror may appear to be the cause... but then of course the real cause is you.


--- Nyx Darkness Progress 02 ---
Nyx: I sense the growing darkness in you, child. I am so very proud of you. You always have been capable, yet now, you seem to radiate with newfound power.


--- Nyx Darkness Progress 03 ---
Nyx: The unfathomable power of the Underworld thrives within you, child. Your godliness has grown since last we spoke; you have learned much of harnessing the dark.


--- Nyx Darkness Progress 04 ---
Nyx: Even among those born longest ago within the deepest reaches of the Underworld... I have seldom encountered anyone so united with the Darkness of this domain as you are, child.
Zagreus: United with the Darkness? I've just... been picking it up here and there. Although, for quite a while, since you mention it! I'm not sure that I feel any different, though.
Nyx: Surely that is not so. Think back on when you started all of this. You now know so much more. Are capable of so much more.


--- Nyx Mirror Progress Complete 01 ---
Nyx: You have revealed every facet of the Mirror of Night, child. The full extent of its power. I was aware this was possible, yet... you achieved it sooner than expected.
Zagreus: I don't know where I'd be without it. Probably still in Tartarus trying to get past Meg. I only wish I could get even stronger.
Nyx: The Mirror has little to do with your power, let alone your capability. You may deactivate its effects and see for yourself. It merely gave you greater opportunity to learn. And you shall continue to do so.


--- Nyx Post Flashback 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... I have to ask you something. Are you certain that my search isn't in vain? My mother, what if... what if she's gone?
Nyx: Your mother yet lives. There can be no other explanation. For, if she did not, she would be with us, here.... She was a good woman. Stately, kind. I wished to raise you as I thought she would have.


--- Nyx Post Flashback 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, sometimes I get the impression the Olympians look down on those of us born of the Underworld. Is that my imagination, or, what do you make of it?
Nyx: The gods of Mount Olympus tend to think themselves above us, child. Or so your father often likes to say. He alone was relegated to this realm, and grew resentful of his relatives on high.


--- Nyx About Olympians 01 ---
Nyx: You have met most of your Olympian relatives by now, child. Although the power of their blessings is fleeting here, they shall continue to support you. As long as necessary.
Zagreus: They all still think I'm headed to join them on Olympus. That's why they're helping me.
Nyx: They are helping you because you are family. Family with whom they do not yet have a complicated past.


--- Nyx About Olympians 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... the Olympians have been immensely helpful, but... did they really have to get mixed up in all this? I could have gone off on my own.
Nyx: And you would not have gone far, child. Your father is too proud to accept assistance in personal matters. Do not cede the advantage that you have.
Zagreus: But I'm misleading them. Taking advantage of their good graces trying to find Mother. What if they find out?
Nyx: I shall do everything within my power to prevent this, as shall you.


--- Nyx About Persephone 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, can you... tell me more about my birthmother? Anything at all. What was she like, when you first met? What did you think of her?
Nyx: Your birthmother left a strong impression on us, child. It was apparent she was from a far-off place, and yet... she brought with her a lightness I had not experienced before. My first impression soon subsided, and I grew to care for her. You possess many of her finer qualities.
Zagreus: Finer qualities? Such as abandoning her family members? Why did she leave? Why won't you tell me?
Nyx: Please... you must not ask such things of me. I swore a binding oath never to say. I have already circumvented it as much as can be done. Go find her, child. Then, you shall understand.


--- Nyx About Persephone 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, if I can ever make my way from here, out to the surface... how do you know that I can find her? The instructions you gave me... how can you know for sure that's where she is, that she hasn't left, or...?
Nyx: When your birthmother departed, I bent the light for her, shrouding her path, though I myself could see it. I trust she remains there, and that I am not betraying her confidence by telling you.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 01 ---
Nyx: Your father fell to you, as once his father fell to him. Although, you were substantially more merciful. I know it is a bitter victory, at best. Though, tell me... what transpired subsequently, that you have returned? Did you locate your birthmother?
Zagreus: I did, I... she was there. She was... where you said she'd be. And, more than I imagined, but... I had so little time with her. I can't survive up there, for very long. Why didn't you tell me I'd just die, no matter what?
Nyx: Oh, my child... I say this seldomly, but... I did not know. Or... I did not wish to believe... that the surface would have such an effect on you. But it seems you share your father's fate, after all.
Zagreus: My father's fate? But he is smugly waiting for me every single time I make it there, and seems quite healthy by then, all in all! Though... maybe the farther we get from this realm... the worse we get. Because he cast his lot... inheriting the Underworld?
Nyx: So I now presume. You are bound to this realm by powers greater even than mine. Tell me something... if you knew that you could only see Persephone for but a moment's time... would you still make the journey to her, there?
Zagreus: ...Yes. Yes, I would. I had so many questions left for her!
Nyx: Then, go and ask them, child. Steady your resolve, and find her there, again. And use well what brief time you have with one another, whilst you can. As mortals do.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 01 B ---
Nyx: Your father fell to you, as once his father fell to him. Although, you were substantially more merciful. I know it is a bitter victory, at best. Though, tell me... what transpired subsequently, that you have returned? Did you locate your birthmother?
Zagreus: I did, I... she was there. She was... where you said she'd be. And, more than I imagined, but... I had so little time with her. I can't survive up there, for very long. Why didn't you tell me I'd just die, no matter what?
Nyx: Oh, my child... I say this seldomly, but... I did not know. Or... I did not wish to believe... that the surface would have such an effect on you. But it seems you share your father's fate, after all.
Zagreus: My father's fate? But he was smugly waiting for me up there, and seemed quite healthy, all in all! Though... maybe the farther we get from this realm... the worse we get. Because he cast his lot... inheriting the Underworld?
Nyx: So I now presume. You are bound to this realm by powers greater even than mine. Tell me something... if you knew that you could only see Persephone for but a moment's time... would you still make the journey to her, there?
Zagreus: ...Yes. Yes, I would. I had so many questions left for her!
Nyx: Then, go and ask them, child. Steady your resolve, and find her there, again. And use well what brief time you have with one another, whilst you can. As mortals do.


--- Nyx About Persephone Pact 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... why did you never send word to Mother that I lived? You knew at least approximately where she went. You and Father... you could have spared her so much pain!
Nyx: I swore a binding oath never to say, child. I have already circumvented it as much as can be done. Know that we... that *I *acted with only her wellbeing in mind. As well as yours.


--- Nyx After Persephone Meeting 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... you saved my life. Gave me life. When I was born. Father told me. I don't know what to say. Why didn't you tell me?
Nyx: There are many things that I am not at liberty to speak of, child. Through my own binding choice. These circumstances are among them. Suffice it to say that your revival... required the extent of my ability. And considerable time.
Zagreus: I never should have been born... is that what the Fates wanted? Did you defy your own daughters?
Nyx: Silence. Tempt not my daughters thus.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 03 ---
Nyx: How is she, child? Queen Persephone, I mean. Has she been well up there, in her abode? What is it like?
Zagreus: She's doing well, I think. It's nice to visit her. Her residence is beautiful. A little home nestled amid the cold. All of these plants, in bloom! It's difficult even to describe. And very bright, as well.
Nyx: That sounds quite pleasant for someone who values brightness, I suppose. Well, then... I trust your visits are worthwhile for the both of you.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 05 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, my mother was quite concerned to learn Olympus has been aiding me. Did you... haven't you... put her in danger by involving them? Was there no other way?
Nyx: No. There was not. She has been in danger, all along. I concealed her, yes. Even from me. But, it is not enough. I do not think that you could have found her without the Olympians. And, if I did not reveal your existence to them... if they discovered who you are... it would be worse.
Zagreus: *Ugh*, what a mess. How are we going to fix this?
Nyx: The Olympians maintain belief that you are trying to reach them. I trust we can sustain this understanding for a long, long time. Perhaps not forever, but... long enough to discover a solution. Perhaps with your birthmother's help.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 06 ---
Nyx: Child, quickly now, before you go. I know how all of this must look. Know that I was true to her. Persephone. And, that I think fondly on the time she spent with us.
Zagreus: Of course, Nyx, though... why did she really leave the Underworld, do you think? Besides because of me. So what if she thought I died at birth?
Nyx: She did not feel that she belonged. It was a very difficult adjustment she was forced to make. And... she feared that she would inevitably end up caught between Olympus and this realm. That she might start a war.
Zagreus: A war... wars have been fought for less, I understand. And, Father must have been a real burden, too.
Nyx: You do not know. Ask her yourself, about her time with him. But... I have already said too much. And I cannot say more.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 07 ---
Nyx: What is the matter, child? I sense your distress, not the specific cause.
Zagreus: Mother doesn't want to see me again. I mean... she asked me not to return. Thinks the risk is too great.
Nyx: *Oh*. That is a fair-enough assessment. What shall you do?
Zagreus: ...I'm going back.


--- Nyx About Persephone Meeting 09 ---
Zagreus: Father loved her, didn't he? Mother, I mean. Faith like that... he's just stubborn enough to hold onto the idea of her, isn't he? Though, what she saw in him, I'm not sure.
Nyx: Your father was different with Persephone, to some extent. He has always been as you know him, yet... her lightness... it affected even him, I think. And he knows... that he was better with her, than without.
Zagreus: Sounds like a lot of pressure on Mother to fix all his failings... but, it sounds as though she cared for him, as well. And you, and Cerberus. She said she misses you.


--- Nyx About Obscurity 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, why is it the mortals come here knowing all about Olympus, while knowing so little about what goes on in our realm? Is there something more we could be doing to help spread the word?
Nyx: This realm remains enshrouded and obscure by my design and by your father's will, my child. Tell me, what would be the benefit of the attention you would seek?
Zagreus: Oh, I... I don't know, it's just, for all the famous gods and monsters and the like, it seems to me that someone such as you, who does so much, why... you should be at least as known as any one of them!
Nyx: Obscurity is not a weakness, child. Are we understood? Seek to be valuable, not to be known. If you are valuable, then fame or notoriety can be a consequence. Should they become a burden... I can help.


--- Nyx Run Progress 01 ---
Nyx: You have encountered setbacks within Asphodel, have you not, child? The Bloodless shades residing there are eager to bring death to any form of life. Beware of their infernal power.


--- Nyx Run Progress 02 ---
Nyx: You have confronted the Exalted Shades within Elysium, my child. Your father offers them a handsome bounty should they bring your journey to an end. Although, I think the pride of vanquishing you would more than suffice in getting them to take up arms again.


--- Nyx Run Progress 03 ---
Nyx: You nearly gained the surface, child. Considerable progress. Though, the setbacks that you faced within the Temple... if it is of any consolation, the foes you faced there have been quite a burden to your father, too.
Zagreus: What, Father can't control the pest problem? Never thought I'd be of any help rampaging through the upper levels of his domain.


--- Nyx About Quest Log 01 ---
Nyx: I saw you took possession of the List of Minor Prophecies, of the Three Fates. As ever, I should never have doubted my daughters' expectations. I was uncertain you had necessary guidance to select it from among the House Contractor's many opportunities.
Zagreus: You offer something called the *Fated List of Minor Prophecies *to me, chances are I'm going to pick it up. Though, you make it sound like there's more I should know about it. Should I be concerned?
Nyx: You know exactly what is necessary, and no more. I know better than anyone never to tamper with the Fates' design. Though, if they had cruelty in store for you through their List... I think that I would warn you, anyway.


--- Nyx About Quest Log 02 ---
Nyx: You have fulfilled already many prophecies envisioned by my daughters, child. Although perhaps inevitable, I find it impressive, nonetheless.
Zagreus: Thank you, Nyx. Though, they're just *minor *prophecies, right? The kind that won't necessarily come to pass unless spelled out and coupled with a decent reward to make it worth my while. Not even the Fates are above greasing the wheels of progress, then?
Nyx: The Fates have perfect knowledge of exactly what is necessary for the future they have woven to someday come to pass. We each are instrumental to their ultimate design. Some more than others, it would seem, of course.


--- Nyx About Quest Log 03 ---
Nyx: I sense all of the minor prophecies described within the Fated List have been fulfilled...? I do not understand how that is possible.
Zagreus: Well, it certainly took some doing, and several of those really were rather difficult, and took some time, but... what's so special about getting through them all? It's a list, right?
Nyx: The Fates are always at their weaving. To have caught up with their designs... well, I should think that they shall have to learn to weave a little faster, perhaps.
Zagreus: Any new prophecies need fulfilling, they know where to find me.


--- Nyx About Ghost Admin 01 ---
Nyx: What is it, child? Is something amiss?
Zagreus: No, it's just... the latest renovations from the Contractor... Father told me you've been supervising all of that. Look, just between us, and I'll not speak of it again, but... thanks. So much.
Nyx: *Ah*. Yes, no need to speak of it again. Though, I am pleased to oblige.


--- Nyx About Ghost Admin 02 ---
Nyx: This House is not a place of cheer, child. A certain severity always struck me as appropriate, if not necessary, given our role.
Zagreus: Is this about all the House Contractor decorations? Look, it's one thing if Father objects, but if you do as well... just tell me, and I can have it taken down.
Nyx: You misunderstand. I am grateful. These changes... I would not have commissioned them, myself. But, seeing them now... I appreciate their presence. You have a discerning eye.


--- Nyx About Office 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, if, hypothetically, I felt that some injustice had been dealt to someone who deserved a better lot... say, that they were subjected to too harsh a punishment for all eternity... don't I have some of my father's authority to do something about it?
Nyx: Now that you have regained your access privileges to the administrative chamber, child, yes; that is a level of authority you hypothetically possess, again.
Zagreus: But how can I possibly find anything in there? The place is wall-to-wall pacts and parchments. I've no idea where to look.
Nyx: You can be made aware. Though, use discretion, if and when you need to exercise this power. And make certain that the time is right. Now, are we understood?


--- Nyx About Office 02 ---
Zagreus: Never thought that the administrative chamber would have been so invaluable, Nyx. Though, I have you to thank for all of it.
Nyx: Nonsense, child. Our records must be kept up-to-date. You merely observed that several were long past due. Not even your father can argue with that.


--- Nyx About Demeter 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... I encountered Demeter. She mentioned her daughter... *Persephone*. You never said she was my grandmother. Didn't you think... under the circumstances... that was something I should know?
Nyx: ...Listen to me, child. What you know, or do not know, is for your protection. Your protection, and your birthmother's, as well. Your suspicion and your curiosity are warranted. But I can do no more about them, now, except to caution you. Are we understood?


--- Nyx About Hermes 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, I've come to know the god of swiftness, Hermes, though... it seems to me he doesn't work directly with the others on Olympus. Do you know him well?
Nyx: Lord Hermes is a point of contact, yes. Among Olympians he works the closest with our operations here, and aids with shepherding the souls of the departed to our gates. Accept his help; for he is faithful to our cause.


--- Nyx About Children 01 ---
Zagreus: Someday I'd like to meet more of your children, Nyx. Eris, Nemesis... Thanatos told me of several others. Have they ever visited the House?
Nyx: No. They are required elsewhere. It is for the best. Some of my children are not on speaking terms with one another, or with me. As a mother... one has her victories, and her defeats.


--- Nyx About Sisyphus Liberation Quest 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, I was just busy doing some administrative chamber record-keeping recently, and, wouldn't you know, it somehow slipped my mind where I could find the sentencing parchmentwork for the knave-king Sisyphus, forced to toil out in Tartarus? I ran it by Megaera...
Nyx: He has offered you aid, repeatedly. At first I saw it for a brazen act of bribery, but... try as I might, there was no deeper underpinning to his actions that I could detect. That is to say... the records you seek may be found in section sigma-phi-alpha, lower gamma folder.


--- Nyx About Sisyphus Liberation Quest 02 ---
Zagreus: I waived the punishment-sentence for Sisyphus the knave-king, Nyx, except... he chose to stay! He chose to stay, in Tartarus, I think in part because he likes getting to speak with me, from time to time! Also his boulder friend.
Nyx: That sounds to be an agreeable outcome for him. Though, his liberty is not the end of his rehabilitation. As his friend... please make certain he does not run afoul again of your father, child.


--- Nyx About Singers Reunion Quest 01 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Nyx, you ever have a burning urge to find the case files for the circumstances under which our court-musician bound himself to eternal servitude here in this House, and forever lost his opportunity to be with his beloved muse? I was wondering if you had a remedy for that.
Nyx: Our court musician brings a certain peace to this abode, my child. But, you may discover, once you find his case files in section zeta-pi-omega, upper beta folder, that the consequences that he suffers may be quite in excess of his trespasses...


--- Nyx About Singers Reunion Quest 02 ---
Zagreus: You don't know how pleased I was to see Orpheus visiting with his muse Eurydice over in Asphodel. Best of all... I don't think he's left for good. He'll just have some time to visit her now and again! Thank you, Nyx, on their behalf, and mine.
Nyx: You need not thank me, child. Your actions made this outcome possible. I merely did what anyone in my position would have done.


--- Nyx About Myrmidon Reunion Quest 01 ---
Zagreus: I, *ah*, happened to be looking into our security situation here, just running background checks, that sort of thing, and... I was wondering if you could help me locate an old pact signed by... signed by Achilles, Nyx. It would mean a lot... not just to him, but me.
Nyx: Achilles... We would struggle to put someone comparable in his role. Though, be that as it may... epsilon-iota-theta. Rho folder, middle, I believe. You are certain about this, child?


--- Nyx About Myrmidon Reunion Quest 02 ---
Zagreus: I saw Achilles with Patroclus in Elysium, Nyx. They're free to be together, now, thanks to you. If only you could have seen them.
Nyx: Oh, I can see them, my child, and I have. And it pleases me Achilles has earned some degree of respite from his servitude, for all his loyalty to our House. For what you have done for him, thank you.
Zagreus: Father isn't going to be thrilled I've let him out of a binding pact.
Nyx: Your father is committed to his rules, and you released Achilles from his pact according to those rules. There is not much that even he can do about it save to have Achilles sign again.


--- Nyx About Ending 01 ---
Nyx: Persephone, the Queen... she has returned! I scarce believe it, child. You have brought her back, to all of us.
Zagreus: I scarce believe it, too. What happens now? Pick up the pieces and begin again?


--- Nyx About Ending 02 ---
Zagreus: How has it been for you of late, Nyx? Having Mother here again, for old time's sake?
Nyx: Though reminiscent of an older time, it is now very different, child. For one thing... you are present, now. Unlike before.
Zagreus: Oh, right. So, are you getting on OK, is everything all right?
Nyx: Everything is all right. Your birthmother... Persephone... her presence has been welcome here, I think.


--- Nyx About Ending 03 ---
Nyx: Congratulations on your new responsibilities, my child. So, you have reason to rise from here to the surface, still.
Zagreus: It's more of a formality, I think. My responsibilities, such as they are, remain quite similar to those that got me to this point. But thank you, Nyx. It's strange... to think that I can serve the House, by trying to break from it, time after time.
Nyx: There can be no escape. Your father wishes that this reputation spread. So that the mortals and the shades never attempt what you were able to achieve.
Zagreus: Well, it does beat standing around in my chambers aimlessly. And... I daresay it feels rather good not to feel utterly incompetent, for a change.
Nyx: It is an honor to be working with you, child.


--- Nyx About Ending 04 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, meant to ask... Charon was there to take Mother and me home the one time. So is he... has *he *been working for *you*? All part of some elaborate plan, or something?
Nyx: Charon serves only this realm, child. And, he is very trustworthy. I suppose that it is also possible he has some affection for the Queen, if not for you.


--- Nyx About Olympian Reunion Quest 01 ---
Nyx: You are still in a difficult predicament, my child. And I, with you, in turn. Those on Olympus think you seek them, even now. That you are my own son by birth. Our deception, well intentioned as it was, has multiplied in size.
Zagreus: You're right. We have to do something. We can't just keep pretending with them.
Nyx: But if you reveal to them the truth of everything... I fear the wrath they shall unleash. Perhaps not all of them, but some, at least, shall not take such deceptions well.
Zagreus: I couldn't agree more. Fortunately, Mother has a plan! Asked me to get in touch with everybody on Olympus, one by one.
Nyx: Your birthmother is resourceful, certainly. Though can you say as yet, which sort of plan?
Zagreus: Would you believe it if I told you she wants to have all of them over for Ambrosia?


--- Nyx About Olympian Reunion Quest 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, this feast Mother has planned... would it be all right with you if I were to invite Chaos?
Nyx: I... hardly think that Chaos would attend any festivity of ours. I am uncertain that they even could. Even more doubtful that they would want this. However... if you truly wish to ask, proceed.


--- Nyx Post Epilogue 01 ---
Nyx: It was a privilege to meet your relatives at last, child. Athena, Ares, and the rest. Confronted face-to-face, they were much more agreeable than I expected. A night we shall remember, was it not?
Zagreus: A memorable night it was, indeed, Nyx! For most of us, at least. Dionysus, he won't remember any of it, I don't think. But, it was really good to see everyone having a good time. Getting along as though they didn't hold a grudge! So, then, we're clear, I think?
Nyx: Persephone told them everything they needed to hear. Sometimes that is the only way, with family. Though, the Olympians... they are prone to their misunderstandings, are they not? This state of kinship may not last eternally.
Zagreus: Well, let's enjoy it while it does, I guess.


--- Nyx Post Epilogue 02 ---
Nyx: Pride has been the failing of so many mortals, child, and has brought low members of your family, as well. And yet... I am so very proud of you, for what you have achieved. I wanted you to be aware of that.
Zagreus: That means a lot to me, Nyx. Though I never could have done any of this without your help. Even after I lashed out at you after I learned the truth about Mother, you never stopped caring for me... and you put yourself directly in harm's way, defying Father's will. Why do all that, for me?
Nyx: I am eternally committed to this House. Long before your father came to rule, I was already here. When he arrived... I needed to do everything I could to keep order, and establish with Lord Hades an agreeable relationship. But, there is one more reason, besides that...
Zagreus: To get on better terms with the Olympians. They always used to frown on the Underworld, but... now that they know us, they seem much more willing to get involved and help with things.
Nyx: A reasonable guess, and not without some truth to it, but no, my child. My reason for helping you is simpler than that. It is because I love you. You may not be born of me, but I raised you like one of my own. And I have cared for you as I am capable.
Zagreus: Nyx... I love you, too. Thank you for everything.


--- Nyx Post Epilogue 03 ---
Nyx: She has departed once again. Your birthmother the Queen. Although, it was not as difficult to see her off, this time. Knowing she shall return.
Zagreus: It must be difficult for her... returning to Olympus. She had no love for it at all. I hope she'll be all right.
Nyx: Do not despair. We have ways of watching over her. Not that I expect anything untoward to happen, but... well, with your family, one learns to take precautions, as you know.
Zagreus: ...I'll miss her.
Nyx: So shall I. But it shall not be long, I think.


--- Nyx Post Epilogue 04 ---
Zagreus: I was pleased to see even Chaos was able to attend our little feast there with the Olympians, in spirit, anyway! Were you able to chat at all?
Nyx: Only a little bit. The first communication we have had in quite some time. It went better than expected. Perhaps they and I can continue the conversation at some point. Thank you for your initiative, child.
Zagreus: Well, let's enjoy it while it does, I guess.


--- Nyx About Hypnos 01 ---
Nyx: Alas, you have seen much of Hypnos lately, child. I hope you find his disposition somewhat tolerable? Please tell me plain if this is not the case.
Zagreus: *Oh*, he's not so bad, Nyx. Be proud of your sleepy, cheerful son! Who else among us is able to muster that kind of enthusiasm?


--- Nyx About Hypnos 02 ---
Zagreus: I don't often see you interact with Hypnos, Nyx, so I just wanted to make sure... is everything all right?
Nyx: Hypnos still is learning independence, child. Thus, I have decided it is best to keep my distance from him temporarily, else he shall continue to rely upon me, even for completing the most rudimentary requests. We have agreed he shall not call upon me for the time being.
Zagreus: For the time being? How long are we talking? Can't remember the last time I saw you speaking with him, now that you mention it.
Nyx: Based on his rate of progress, I suspect his education shall have been complete well before the dawning of the next age.


--- Nyx About Charon 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, have you seen Charon lately? Everything all right with him? I can never tell how he's doing.
Nyx: Charon and I have not lately taken opportunities to correspond. But he has always been among the least dependent of my children, other than perhaps only the Fates. This much I know and can assure to you: He always is content to steer his boat.
Zagreus: I suppose you are the one to thank for his assistance, when it comes to selling me his wares and such.
Nyx: No. He is the one to thank. Do not mistake his lack of speech for lack of cleverness. He serves this House as I do. But he does not answer to me.


--- Nyx About Charon Fight 01 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Nyx? You don't suppose Charon would hold it against me if... we had a little fight? To the death, I mean.
Nyx: None of Charon's brothers ever dared fight with him whilst growing up. Why would you fathom such a ruinous idea, child?
Zagreus: It... kind of already happened. And, I can confirm he's rather strong. Something I can do to make it up to him?
Nyx: Probably not. For it is unnecessary. Likely he appreciates having an adversary, in his own way. Few would so much as dare.


--- Nyx Meg Defeated 01 ---
Nyx: You must have vanquished Megaera, my child, for she has been sulking in the lounge for quite some time. You are safe here from her whip, but not her words.
Zagreus: I'd better talk to her. Thank you for the heads-up, Nyx. See you later, I'm sure.


--- Nyx Meg Defeated 01 Alt ---
Nyx: You must have vanquished Megaera, my child. For she has been sulking in the corner there for quite some time. You are safe here from her whip, but not her words.
Zagreus: I'd better talk to her. Thank you for the heads-up, Nyx. See you later, I'm sure.


--- Nyx About Chaos 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, do you know anything about a softly-spoken gentlebeing under the guise of Chaos? They approached me recently, and offered me a Boon, of sorts.
Nyx: Primordial Chaos... indeed, I know them well. They must have taken interest in your quest. I would advise that you beware their offerings, though know that Chaos, whilst a trickster, is not a deceiver.


--- Nyx About Chaos 02 ---
Zagreus: Can you tell me something more of Chaos, Nyx? I... have a lot of questions.
Nyx: My place is not to speak too openly of Chaos, child. It is their own prerogative to tell you of themselves. I can say they are the eldest force within this world. Before them, there was nothing.


--- Nyx About Chaos 03 ---
Zagreus: Chaos seems to have taken somewhat of a liking to me, Nyx. They mentioned you.
Nyx: They mentioned me, did they... I thought, perhaps, that they had long forgotten. You should know they are my mother and my father, child. We have not spoken since the dawn of time.


--- Nyx About Chaos 04 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, I hate to be a bother, but I wanted to ask you about Chaos once again. Won't you at least try to reach out to them?
Nyx: It is for Chaos to reach out to me if they wish to reacquaint themselves with me. Child, it would please me if we spoke no more of this for now.


--- Nyx About Chaos 05 ---
Nyx: Child, I... know not exactly what you did, but... I detected faintly an attempt by Chaos to reach out to me. A message, merely at the edges of my consciousness, yet I felt certain it was there. But I could not discern it, otherwise. What does Chaos want from me?
Zagreus: I... think Chaos wishes to reestablish contact with you, Nyx. The two of you drifted apart from one another, so, I think I can imagine. I lost touch with Thanatos awhile! But that was nothing in comparison to this. Isn't there someway you can reconnect?
Nyx: Now that the House is strong, and this realm orderly, I do not know. But I shall think upon it, child. Leave me, please.


--- Nyx About Chaos 06 ---
Nyx: I know what must be done, regarding Chaos and myself, my child. It is not often that I ask for your assistance, but I need for you to do something for me, if you would hear me out.
Zagreus: Of course, Nyx. Anything. What can I do?
Nyx: In the administrative chamber, you perhaps recall the Eldest Sigil there. Through it we have access directly to the darkest reaches of the realm. But not to Chaos, anymore. Not currently. Though, this is solvable, I think.
Zagreus: Wait, the Sigil? But I'm not authorized to use it. It's never worked for me, and I have even less authority around here now.
Nyx: That you were stripped of your authority is what makes this possible at all. It shall require a significant expenditure of Darkness. Then... the bridge to Chaos may be restored. So that I might travel again to visit them. Will you bring Darkness to the Sigil for me, please? When possible.
Zagreus: I'll do everything I can. Hey maybe you can put in a request with the House Contractor for me? Make it official, right?


--- Nyx About Chaos 07 ---
Nyx: At last. The bridge to Chaos is restored. Thank you so very much, my child. I shall be going, then. And I shall presently return. Please, have no fear. And now, farewell. I shall bring Chaos your kindest regards.


--- Nyx Chaos Reunion Quest Complete ---
Zagreus: Nyx, you're back! So, how did things with Chaos go? Please tell me it went well?
Nyx: It did. It did go well, my child, I... appreciated having had a chance to reconnect with my great ancestor. Thanks to your generosity, to both of us. We had to make up for a great deal of lost time.
Zagreus: So what happens now? You're back on speaking terms, then... does it mean Chaos will stop by for a visit soon, something like that?
Nyx: Chaos is comfortable in their realm. I may, however, visit every now and then. Keep them apprised of what unfolds up here. Beyond that... Chaos knows better than to exert too much influence upon this realm. Beyond having already formulated it, and everything.


--- Nyx Chaos Reunion Quest Complete Aftermath 01 ---
Zagreus: How are you and Chaos getting on, lately, Nyx? Sounds like they expected an awful lot from you before. That you should shine as bright as day, something like that? I can't imagine.
Nyx: To shine was never quite my strongest suit. During the dawn of creation, there was much to do. This place... all that you see around you... it was more my leaning. Chaos understands that better, now. As for me, the work helped me to know which limits I have.
Zagreus: What limits are those? You seem capable of anything. Probably even shining bright.
Nyx: Come, child. We each have our limits.


--- Nyx About Meg 01 ---
Nyx: The Fury Megaera is under orders to prevent your passage out of Tartarus, my child. Conflict between the two of you is unavoidable. It brings me pain to have to see you fight.
Zagreus: Don't say that, Nyx. Besides! Conflict between Megaera and me has always put the spark in our relationship. We're going to be fine.


--- Nyx About Meg 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, you've known Megaera practically forever. Well, before my time at least, so could you... tell me more about what she was like, back then?
Nyx: *Ah-hahah*. I am pleased to see the two of you on better terms of late. Megaera always was as she appears. Dutiful and quite particular. Thoughtful and dependable. Respectful.


--- Nyx About Meg Relationship 01 ---
Nyx: It pleases me that you and Megaera have come to deeply understand each other, child. I must admit to you, it was my hope that you and she were capable of this result.
Zagreus: You're pleased we're together, Nyx? I thought you'd be concerned that such relationships distract from work responsibilities and such. Although, I'm grateful to have your approval.
Nyx: I have no fear that Megaera shall be distracted, child. Besides; such matters are more likely to inspire, and to spur greater accomplishment. Although, the greater sense of contentment tends to be a sufficient end unto itself.


--- Nyx About Meg Relationship 01 B ---
Nyx: It pleases me that you and Megaera have come to deeply understand each other, child. I must admit to you, it was my hope that you and she were capable of this result.
Zagreus: You're happy Meg and I are friends now, Nyx? I appreciate it, certainly, though... I worry it might get in the way of Meg's ability to do her job.
Nyx: I have no such fear for either one of you. You both are dedicated to your tasks. I trust your friendship can withstand your confrontations every now and then. For that is why the friendship blossomed, is it not?


--- Nyx About Thanatos 01 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... I ran into Thanatos out there. He aided me, although I think he's rather upset. That I took off like this.
Nyx: Thanatos is worried for you, child. I hope you understand whatever anger you may sense from him is not the feeling at the source. Please forgive his rudeness.


--- Nyx About Thanatos 02 ---
Nyx: Thanatos has finally come home. Have you not seen him, child? He has been very much preoccupied of late. It must have gladdened him to see you once again.


--- Nyx About Thanatos Relationship 01 ---
Nyx: You and my son... it pleases me to see the two of you have grown so close of late. Thanatos has always led a solitary life. He never would complain of it, and yet... I know he yearned for closeness, in his way.
Zagreus: Thank you, Nyx. I think we each have harbored feelings for each other for some time. We've finally been true about them.
Nyx: Then, in this you each achieved what you desired. I ask that you take care of my dear son. I often fear that he shall work himself too hard.
Zagreus: *Oh*, he's all right. Though, I'll be sure to keep an eye on him.


--- Nyx About Thanatos Relationship 01 B ---
Nyx: You and my son... it pleases me to see the two of you have grown so close of late. Thanatos has always led a solitary life. He never would complain of it, and yet... I know he yearned for closeness, in his way.
Zagreus: It's difficult to find a friend down here. Though, I have always had a trusted one in Thanatos, and he in me. I think we have a better understanding of that now.
Nyx: Then, may the bonds of your friendship last for as long as this House shall reign beneath the earth, here in the dark. Take care of my dear son.


--- Nyx About Dusa 01 ---
Nyx: What is it, child? I sense that your concern is of a different nature than it usually is. Yet, it is veiled to me, somehow.
Zagreus: Oh, it's just.... Please don't take this the wrong way, Nyx, but I was worried you were being rather harsh to Dusa. You asked her not to speak to me, at all?
Nyx: I asked she mind her own responsibilities. I fear she forgets herself, in this House. Though you have an informal air... you are the Prince! The only son of the Lord Hades, Fate-appointed master of this realm. You shall have the company of gods. Not severed gorgon heads.
Zagreus: *Pff*! If I'm so important, shouldn't *I *be the one to choose whom I get to interact with around here?
Nyx: You do not fully know your place, my child. The gorgon-head most certainly does not know hers. Please focus on your task at hand, and leave her be.


--- Nyx About Dusa 02 ---
Nyx: You are consorting with the severed gorgon head, my child. Despite my wishes that you maintain respectful distances between yourselves.
Zagreus: She's my friend, Nyx. Look... I love you very much, you know I do, except... you cannot choose my friends for me! I can't allow that. I know you don't trust her. Don't you trust me?
Nyx: ...I do. Then, very well. But understand that your relationship with her does not preclude the need for her continual improvement with respect to her responsibilities.


--- Nyx About Dusa 03 ---
Zagreus: What happened with Dusa, Nyx? You really fired her because she talked to me? She was my friend!
Nyx: She was removed for insubordination, and repeated overextension and lack of proper judgment, child. Your affinity for her is the reason her removal was as amicable as it was.
Zagreus: Insubordination, and repeated lack of what? She worked harder than anyone here to keep the House neat and orderly! I'd thought you would have valued that!
Nyx: Her eagerness to please was to a fault. Perhaps your Olympian relatives require sacrifices, child, but this House requires efficiency, and nothing more.
Zagreus: *Efficiency*... you know who you sound like right now, don't you, Nyx? I can't believe this.
Nyx: If you are bent on undermining my authority, go do so someplace else.


--- Nyx About Dusa 04 ---
Zagreus: Nyx... I'm sorry that I raised my voice with you before, it's just... I cared about Dusa, and I know just how much she cared about working here, with you, and all of us... isn't there some way you would reconsider letting her go?
Nyx: I appreciate that you have calmed yourself, my child. As for the gorgon head, this House needs steady-tempered vigilance, not unthinking devotion. Despite repeated feedback, she refused to approach any aspect of her duties with restraint.
Zagreus: Wait, you're saying you fired Dusa for *working too hard*? Did you give her any warning?
Nyx: She did not understand how to work properly. Despite all that she did, she ultimately was a burden to this House. There was no warning necessary on my part.
Zagreus: Please give her another chance, Nyx. She can learn, she just needs to know what she did wrong. She gave this work everything. She just pushed too hard. Shouldn't something like that be forgivable?
Nyx: ...It seems you have more patience than I, child. And, I did not realize you cared. But do not ask again for me to rescind my decision. Are we understood?


--- Nyx About Dusa 05 ---
Zagreus: You really asked Dusa to come back. Thank you, Nyx! I'm very grateful. And Megaera. Probably everybody here! I'm sure she won't let you down.
Nyx: I know you care for her, child. And I admit I retain several concerns. Not only about the appropriateness of her conduct, but of her reckless inexperience. I do, however, see the possibility that she can work through these issues. Perhaps with your support.


--- Nyx About Dusa Relationship 01 ---
Nyx: At first, I was deeply concerned that you were spending so much time with Dusa, child. It seemed unbecoming for the both of you, and threatened to disrupt our custodian's routine. Except... it pleases me to say that, in this case, I was mistaken about you.
Zagreus: Thank you for saying so, Nyx. Though, you mean you were mistaken about me, or about Dusa?
Nyx: I was mistaken about both of you. That you would influence her in a harmful way, yet here, in point of fact, she has performed her duties with increasing skill. That she would fail to perform her role, or to learn well from her mistakes. Please do continue to look out for her.


--- Nyx Reveals Arthur Aspect 01 ---
Nyx: Hold, child. I have a message for you from my daughters, themselves. Concerning the Blade of the Underworld in your possession.
Zagreus: Wait, you mean the Fates? And Stygius? I'm honored that they would have taken any notice of me. What is it that they want for me to know?
Nyx: They wish for me to impart to you these words, so that your blade, in turn, may hear them uttered from your lips: *I see your kingly pardon from a prison of stone. *Repeat them, and remember.
Zagreus: *I see your kingly pardon from a prison of stone*... this must be for one of the weapon's hidden forms. Please tell your daughters I am very grateful, Nyx.
Nyx: I shall, child. Although, I'm certain they already know. Though, whether they are aiding you or this is simply what must come to pass, I cannot say.


--- Nyx Reveals Arthur Aspect 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, the words you told me... when I spoke them to Stygius, the blade revealed to me the form of a great leader among men, taking counsel with his loyal retinue about a circular table. But if his reign is inevitable, why would the Fates need me?
Nyx: That I cannot say, child. It is peculiar having daughters who know every outcome that shall come to pass. It puts a strain on our relationship, and... I have learned never to ask they tell me more than they are willing to impart.


--- Nyx Flashback 01 ---
Zagreus: You... you're... Nyx, you're not my mother. All this time, you and my father, you... you lied to me?
Nyx: *Oh*, my dear child! So now you know...? So now you know. But, only half the truth. I can explain the rest, so, please.... It never was my wish to hurt you.


--- Nyx About Legendary 01 ---
Zagreus: Hey Nyx, I would have you know, I'm now proud owner of my very own Chthonic Companion! You really built them to last. Just... not very many of them, apparently. I'd all but given up on ever finding one.
Nyx: I sensed this outcome, and it pleases me. Though, you never would have simply discovered such a thing. They each are unique artifacts that must be given willingly if they are to retain their shape, and power.
Zagreus: I have to say, and I do mean this as a compliment: It's hard for me to imagine Night Incarnate herself fashioning these little keepsakes to be given between friends.
Nyx: Do not mistake them for their unassuming look. Within them is the strength of an unbreaking bond between two souls conjoined.


--- Nyx About Legendary 02 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, did you really give Dusa quite possibly the sole surviving epsilon edition Chthonic Companion in the entire Underworld? She's very grateful for it, so much so that she entrusted Fidi to my care. They grow in power that way, right?
Nyx: The severed gorgon head is not without redeeming attributes, my child. Though, I expected this companion would soon find its way to you, the way the two of you have grown attached. Thus, in one action, both of you have found encouragement.


--- Nyx With Hades 01 ---
Hades: ...You are not to aid him in these matters, Nyx; his foolishness is to be scorned and reprimanded, not indulged. Do we have an understanding?
Nyx: We have an understanding, Hades, yes. He is your own son, after all, and therefore your responsibility. I, in turn, have my commitments to this realm, and to this House. You have aided me in them, so I remain, as ever, in your debt.
Hades: It is not necessary to remind me. Surely all those who once defied my brothers and myself would much prefer a post within my House over eternity within the lowest depths of Tartarus. Not that the darkness there would trouble you.


--- Nyx With Hades 02 ---
Hades: ...It is plain to me that you are helping him; in spite of my insistence you do not. What do you expect that I should do about this, Nyx? What would you do, in my position? Deception, in my very house and home...! Answer me.
Nyx: Hades, my relationship with him remains unchanged. It is the very same relationship from when you first requested I take care of him. He has my full support, and always shall. You must know this. He wishes now to leave. I shall make no attempt to stop him.
Hades: *Tsch*. What good is any one of you? He's not even your son; and yet you coddle him. You know as well as I that he cannot succeed. You fill his mind with harmful delusions. If that is what you want for him, then, please! Proceed at pace.


--- Nyx With Hades 03 ---
Hades: *Olympus knows of him*?! Bestowing on him all their worthless blessings, here, within my realm! *Our *realm! Explain to me how, exactly, this is possible, Nyx. Either your limitless power has considerably waned, or you are up to something.
Nyx: Do not question my power, Hades. Your son was bound to be discovered the closer he came to the surface. The Olympians are pleased to know they have a distant relative, and bid him welcome to their mountain. That is all. Their influence is very limited.
Hades: Blood and darkness! Do not speak to me about their *influence*! I've seen their influence firsthand. You've made a foolish mistake.
Nyx: You would speak to me of foolish mistakes? You cannot change the course that has been set. Try all you like.


--- Nyx With Hades 04 ---
Hades: What now, Nyx? Do you realize the danger you have put her in? You claim to care for her, but now you threaten to expose her, to *them*!
Nyx: Hades. When have I even once been unaware of precisely what I mean to do? I shall bring no harm to the Queen, and neither shall your son.
Zagreus: Harm to the Queen, wait... what are you talking about?
Nyx: Child! Zagreus. Do you intend to betray the presence of your birthmother to the Olympians?
Zagreus: No! Of course not. She... seems content to be all on her own.
Hades: You take his word for it? How can you trust him not to ruin everything?
Nyx: Precisely how I trusted him to get us to this point.


--- Nyx With Hades 05 ---
Hades: ...What I attempt to tell you, Nyx, is I am grateful. For our long-standing collaboration, here. My rule was thrust upon you and your kin. By all rights, you ought have undermined my every move. I often thought you would. Yet once Olympus and I severed ties... you stood by me still.
Nyx: I am the Night Itself, as you well know, Hades. As I declared to you when first we met: I shall stand by your side, so long as you remain the fate-appointed ruler of this realm.
Hades: I shall require no additional reminders. Know, in turn, that I shall always oversee this realm to the full extent of my ability.


--- Nyx With Achilles 01 ---
Achilles: ...I've done the best I could, preparing him. Though, I am fearful it was not enough. No one ever has escaped this place.
Nyx: Your expertise has readied him, Achilles. Yet I sense it is your confidence in him which spurs him on. Do not lose faith in yourself now, lest soon he do the same.


--- Nyx With Achilles 02 ---
Achilles: ...You raised him well, O Night. You know that, I hope? Though, I can't imagine even you could have expected this outcome. Thank you... for making all this possible. For all of us.
Nyx: You are to thank for this outcome as much as I. Perhaps more so. For I have little choice but to serve this House. I was created in this realm, and it is everything to me. But you? Your loyalty could not have been assumed.
Achilles: *Oh*, I don't know. I felt I had no choice, either, except to serve this House. At least at first. But in training the Prince... preparing him... I felt like I was living for something again. As strange as that may sound.
Nyx: Nevertheless, given the circumstances of your life and servitude, you need not have given so much of yourself. The greatness of your mortal days followed you into death.


--- Nyx With Achilles After Myrmidon Reunion Quest 01 ---
Achilles: ...I cannot ever repay you for what you have done, O Night. Know only that it is my honor to continue to serve at your pleasure, here.
Nyx: I am certain I know nothing of what you mean, Achilles. Though, your continued service here is more than welcome. The honor is mine.


--- Nyx With Persephone 01 ---
Nyx: ...Persephone, my Queen... it has been far too long. Although, the passing of the time was very kind. It is an honor to see you again.
Persephone: Oh, please, Nyx! No formalities between us, right? It's wonderful to see you, too, my friend. The days there on the surface, they were very different, but the nights... I was reminded of our times together, here.
Nyx: Good times, I trust.
Persephone: Good times, most certainly! I try not to remember the others!
Nyx: We are pleased to have you back. Although, it shall be a difficult adjustment for you once again, I fear. For all of us.
Persephone: Well, having built a little house all by myself up there, I think I'm up for anything! You know what it's like.


--- Nyx Chat 01 ---
Nyx: Darkness guide you, child.


--- Nyx Chat 02 ---
Nyx: I am preoccupied, so please excuse me, child.


--- Nyx Chat 03 ---
Nyx: Take care of yourself, child.


--- Nyx Chat 04 ---
Nyx: I shall be watching over you, and our House alike.


--- Nyx Chat 05 ---
Nyx: Do not concern yourself about your father. I shall be watching him.


--- Nyx Chat 06 ---
Nyx: Fear not for Cerberus. He is well taken care of in your absence, and well-fed.


--- Nyx Chat 07 ---
Nyx: Go, fulfill your purpose, child.


--- Nyx Chat 08 ---
Nyx: Your fate lies somewhere past these walls, child.


--- Nyx Chat 09 ---
Nyx: You are always welcome in my company, child.


--- Nyx Chat 10 ---
Nyx: Do not despair, and hold to your resolve, child.


--- Nyx Chat 11 ---
Nyx: Remember there are those who love you, child.


--- Nyx Chat 12 ---
Nyx: Do not let circumstances rattle your resolve, child.


--- Nyx Chat 13 ---
Nyx: Thank you for visiting me, child.


--- Nyx Chat 14 ---
Nyx: Such brief exchanges gladden me, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 15 ---
Nyx: Your father is the same as ever, child.


--- Nyx Chat 16 ---
Nyx: Someday, you shall achieve your heart's desire, child.


--- Nyx Chat 17 ---
Nyx: The life the Fates apportioned to you lies ahead, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 18 ---
Nyx: May you discover what you seek, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 19 ---
Nyx: I shall keep you safe during your stay here, child.


--- Nyx Chat 20 ---
Nyx: I am well, though thank you for your remembering me, child.


--- Nyx Chat 21 ---
Nyx: I am filled with joy to see you whole, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 22 ---
Nyx: Always am I grateful for your company, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 23 ---
Nyx: You are most generous to visit with me, child.


--- Nyx Chat 24 ---
Nyx: You look rather well on this occasion, child.


--- Nyx Chat 25 ---
Nyx: It pleases me having these brief exchanges, child.


--- Nyx Chat 26 ---
Nyx: My faith in you has never faltered, child.


--- Nyx Chat 27 ---
Nyx: I sense your worry for me, child, yet would seek to disabuse you of the sentiment.


--- Nyx Chat 28 ---
Nyx: Though your journeys take you elsewhere, still it pleases me to see you, child.


--- Nyx Chat 29 ---
Nyx: My focus is on other matters at this time.


--- Nyx Chat 30 ---
Nyx: Please leave me to my current task at hand.


--- Nyx Chat 31 ---
Nyx: Let us communicate again some other time.


--- Nyx Chat 32 ---
Nyx: I shall support you however I can, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 33 ---
Nyx: Through any setback, you are always welcome here with me, dear child.


--- Nyx Chat 34 ---
Nyx: The nature of this realm, my child, is not fully known or understood, not by anyone within it or above.


--- Nyx Chat 35 ---
Nyx: There is no setback which you cannot overcome.


--- Nyx Chat 36 ---
Nyx: All here is well at present, child.


--- Nyx Chat 37 ---
Nyx: The House stands strong from all your labors, child.


--- Nyx Chat 38 ---
Nyx: You bring me pride through your accomplishments.


--- Nyx Chat 39 ---
Nyx: Go, and serve this House.


--- Nyx Chat 40 ---
Nyx: May Thanatos assist you should you cross his path.


--- Nyx Chat 41 ---
Nyx: Remain unseen, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 42 ---
Nyx: The Queen Persephone must be so proud of you.


--- Nyx Chat 43 ---
Nyx: Go, in honor of your birthmother, the Queen.


--- Nyx Chat 44 ---
Nyx: This House is stronger with the Queen returned.


--- Nyx Chat 45 ---
Nyx: Honor the Queen, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 46 ---
Nyx: Your father's spirits have been better as of late.


--- Nyx Chat 47 ---
Nyx: Your birthmother awaits. Go find her, child.


--- Nyx Chat 48 ---
Nyx: Seek out your birthmother again, my child.


--- Nyx Chat 49 ---
Nyx: Persephone awaits above.


--- Nyx Chat 50 ---
Nyx: I know for certain your birthmother waits for you.


--- Nyx Chat 51 ---
Nyx: Go. You know precisely where to find her now.


--- Nyx Chat 53 ---
Nyx: I am afraid I cannot help you now.


--- Nyx Chat 54 ---
Nyx: You shall discover what you seek when it is time.


--- Nyx Gift 01 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Nyx? You've done so much for me, I.. thought you might like this.
Nyx: You know your father does not like it when Nectar is doled out on the premises, dear child. However, I am not he... and I wished, regardless, to provide to you a token of my affection.


--- Nyx Gift 02 ---
Nyx: How can I possibly accept such generosity, my child? Surely others whom you know are more deserving of such offerings.
Zagreus: Nonsense, Nyx. I want you to have it. You've always cared for me. I can't ever repay you for that.


--- Nyx Gift 03 ---
Nyx: Your kindness toward me is unnecessary, child. You know I have no expectation of such gifts, from you or anyone.
Zagreus: I think of you always, Nyx. You raised me as your own, and I am grateful for it.


--- Nyx Gift 04 ---
Nyx: You honor me, my child; although I dread that I am not deserving of such generosity. There is no need to flatter me like this.
Zagreus: Be that as it may, Nyx! I would still like for you to have it, with my compliments.


--- Nyx Gift 05 ---
Nyx: No gift which you could bring me can exceed the value of our kinship, child. Though, it moves me to receive this offering.
Zagreus: It's nothing, Nyx, really. I know you've always believed in me, and it's not something I ever take for granted.


--- Nyx Gift 06 ---
Nyx: Among my many children, both those born to me and surrogate to me, you are one of the most thoughtful and most generous of all.
Zagreus: You have always cared for me and protected me. And given me someone to look up to. This is nothing, Nyx.


--- Nyx Gift 07 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, if you'll forgive me this transgression for a moment, I would like for you to have this vintage bottle of Ambrosia, please. You can hand it off to Megaera as contraband, but... just in case, I wanted you to have it, first.
Nyx: *Ah*. A crystal bottle come all the way from the highest peaks of Mount Olympus to these depths within the earth. Your father always said he hated it.
Zagreus: Though, Father does have questionable taste.
Nyx: *Ah, hahahaha*. I accept this gift, with gratitude. This is a delicacy I have not experienced myself. Perhaps I may yet save it for appropriate occasions still to come. Thank you, my child.


--- Nyx Gift 08 ---
Nyx: By the way, I meant to tell you, child. The Ambrosia that you gave me? Rather than hold onto it indefinitely, I decided recently to sample it. Your father's claims about its flavor are quite false. I have never tasted anything like it.
Zagreus: So glad you liked it, Nyx! And, good timing, too, because... I have for you another bottle, here. They say each one is different in its own respect! And besides, the pleasures of Olympus should be shared. Please, take it, won't you?
Nyx: You are persuasive like your mother, and determined like your father, child. But if you so insist, then I shall not deny myself the simple pleasures of this drink. Though rare is the occasion for it here.


--- Nyx Gift 09 ---
Zagreus: Nyx, along with giving you this bottle of Ambrosia here, there's something I have meant to say to you. The Three Fates have been very kind to me. Because, in denying me my birthmother... they gave me you. Without your steady presence here, I... can't imagine what it would be like.
Nyx: *Oh*. Then, the Three Fates are whimsical, indeed. When you were born, and I was filled with fear for what it meant for you to be alive, to be responsible for you... I must admit I did not guess that, one evening, you would provide for me both such a gift, and such a sentiment.
Zagreus: Well, I mean every word. I love you, Nyx.


--- Nyx In Chaos 01 ---
Nyx: My greetings to you, child. How unusual that we should come in contact here. Chaos and I had quite a bit of catching up to do. Please go about your business, and I shall see you back inside the House in time. Provided you return there, of course. And, thank you for this, once again.


--- Nyx In Chaos 02 ---
Nyx: Chaos and I have much catching up to do.


--- Nyx In Chaos 03 ---
Nyx: How interesting to see you here, my child.


--- Nyx In Chaos 04 ---
Nyx: Please go ahead and do not mind me, child.


--- Nyx In Chaos 05 ---
Nyx: Thank you for keeping Chaos company.


--- Nyx In Chaos 06 ---
Nyx: Go forth, bearing the mark of Chaos.


--- Nyx In Chaos 07 ---
Nyx: Chaos and I have so much left to discuss.


--- Nyx In Chaos 08 ---
Nyx: It is comforting to be here again, in such darkness.


--- Nyx In Chaos 09 ---
Nyx: I shall see you back at the House soon, child.


--- Nyx In Chaos 10 ---
Nyx: It is odd to have returned to where I was born.


--- Nyx In Chaos 11 ---
Nyx: We are pleased to see you here, however briefly.


--- Nyx In Chaos 12 ---
Nyx: As Chaos cannot visit us as easily, now I can visit them.


--- Hypnos With Nyx 01 ---
Hypnos: ...I just get sleepy, sometimes, Mom, I mean, I've been working so *much*, lately, just over there? You've probably seen me, greeting shades, making my list, creating a welcoming environment...
Nyx: Remember what we previously spoke of, Hypnos. Do not address me thus whilst we are here. Conduct yourself as befitting a servant of the House of Hades... and, continue practicing your independence, please.


--- Hypnos With Nyx 02 ---
Nyx: You have demonstrated sustained competence in your duties, Hypnos. It gladdens me to see measurable progress. Your efforts are to be commended.
Hypnos: Aw, wow, *thanks*! Commended by whom, exactly? Megaera? Thanatos? Dusa, maybe! Not the Master himself?!
Nyx: Commended by me. I cannot always look after all of my children, as you know. It falls upon them to take care of themselves, as well as their obligations to our domain. As your mother... it is reassuring to see that you are capable.
Hypnos: Capable? Me? *Aw*, Mom... I mean, um, *Mother Nyx*! Nobody's *ever *called me that before!
Nyx: You are my son. It is to be expected. However... I know it is not effortless, to be of use. Continue to do well. I shall be watching.


--- Thanatos With Nyx 01 ---
Thanatos: Mother, is there something I can do to help, with all of this? I spend too much time away from the House. Please, let me know.
Nyx: You are already doing what you can to help, my son. Continue doing so. Matters are at stake here concerning you and all of us. Your support and choices in this shape the outcome that shall come to pass.
Thanatos: I understand, and I will do my best. Thank you for taking care of everything. I've every faith in you, Mother. And in this House. Farewell.


--- Thanatos With Nyx 02 ---
Thanatos: Am I imagining it, Mother, or has this House been running relatively smoothly as of late? Although I know I must be tempting the Three Fates by putting it like this.
Nyx: It is through a concerted effort that the House thus thrives, for now. Though, it shall do so only through continued diligence on your behalf, and that of many others here. It is a good occasion to take brief reprieve. But we need you working to the best of your ability, here, Thanatos.
Thanatos: Well... know that I am ever-grateful, Mother. And I love you very much. Where would we be right now if not for you? I don't take what you've done for us for granted, nor does anybody here. You rest assured.


--- Thanatos Chat With Nyx 01 ---
Nyx: ...We have another task for you.
Thanatos: As you will, Mother. It will be done immediately, then.


--- Thanatos Chat With Nyx 03 ---
Nyx: ...Your expertise is needed once again.
Thanatos: Then, very well, Mother. I'll begin right away, and be back soon.


--- Dusa With Nyx 01 ---
Nyx: ...And after that, Dusa, you are to clean the rafters once again, and prune the gardens thoroughly. By then it should be time to tend the kitchens, and sweep the lounging area a second time...
Dusa: Y, yes, right away!


--- Dusa With Nyx 02 ---
Nyx: ...Lastly, Dusa, you are not permitted to address the Prince, unless first spoken to. You are invisible to him. Now, are we understood?
Dusa: Yes, Miss Nyx, we're understood, I mean... I understand. I, I'll be going, then.


--- Dusa With Nyx 03 ---
Dusa: Miss Nyx, you're...? Do I want my job again, I... *wha*, I, more than anything! This job, it, it means everything to me, I mean, working with *you*? You are the Night Itself! This place, and all of you, all of it, it's so amazing to me, and I just... I, just I want to help! Just, give me one more chance!
Nyx: Your one more chance has certain stipulations, Dusa. If you think it is necessary to exceed the allotted time for your responsibilities, I expect you to ask. You are not the sole bearer of this House's fate. Your temperament toward your work is as important as the end result. Now then... I would ask that you return to your post.
Dusa: What, I, Miss Nyx, you mean... like, start right now? *Now *now? I mean, I, I don't have a lot of pressing obligations, so, I'll do it, *yes*!! I accept! I'm so excited to be back! Where do I even start, I can survey the lounge, sweep the cobwebs, walk Cerberus, check the pantry, ah, OK, I'm off!!


--- Dusa With Nyx 04 ---
Nyx: ...and, therefore, for your diligence and service, and for having demonstrated such improvement... by my authority as Night Itself, I hereby name you Chief Custodian of the House of Hades, and appoint to you the privileges implied. Bear the responsibility with honor, Dusa.
Dusa: Miss Nyx, I am truly honored, and, I'm very grateful for this opportunity, and for the trust you've placed in me, in this expanded role. I promise you, I will not let you down. Not you, or anybody here! Thank you so much!!
Nyx: You are most welcome. The orderliness of this House is a reflection of the realm as a whole. You have internalized this, and understood that a disciplined approach toward work is far more valuable than mere exertion of effort. Although, you understand the need for exertion, as well.


--- Megaera With Nyx 01 ---
Nyx: ...We each have our commitments to this House, Megaera. There is no shame in yours. And whilst your sisters are away, you bear their burden of responsibility, as well.
Megaera: I understand, it's just... am I supposed to keep pretending nothing's changed? This House is cracking at the seams, and no one's going to admit it?
Nyx: The House shall stand eternally, although in what condition, it is ours to decide. Our obligation is to keep the House in order.
Megaera: I know. You're right of course, you're right... I'll do my best. I'll do my best for both our sakes, Nyx.


--- Megaera With Nyx 02 ---
Nyx: ...and so, who else is there to be depended on...? You are a trusted overseer, Megaera. Your station is no accident and there is no one better fit for what you do. I urge you to look inwardly. How you approach your work is vital to the end result.
Megaera: ...Thank you for the advice, Nyx. I don't know what I'd do without you. Or what this House would be if not for you.


--- Megaera With Nyx 03 ---
Megaera: ...But, how can you do this to me? Blast your Mirror. By taking sides with him, you're standing against me...!
Nyx: Neutrality ceases to be an option when a crisis rises to a certain point, Megaera. You, yourself, shall have to choose allegiances. I have steadfastly told you this throughout our shared ordeal.
Megaera: I thought that both of our allegiances were to this House, Nyx. It seems I was mistaken. Do you have any idea what sort of pressure I am under here...?
Nyx: Use caution with the tone you take with me, Overseer. I am the mother of the Fates, themselves. I do not act by whim or by mistake. Mind your own station, and perform your role. All shall unfold eventually as it must. I like the intervening time no more than you.


--- Megaera With Nyx 04 ---
Megaera: ...Nyx, you'd tell me if I made a terrible mistake, or even just a bad one, wouldn't you? I need your guidance on this one, or maybe your approval.
Nyx: You shall always be the best determiner of what is right about such matters, Megaera. Though, if you seek my blessings or encouragement in this particular pursuit, please rest assured... you have them both. You know the way, from here.
Megaera: I hope that you are right. You always have been, it's just that... I wish I had your confidence in this.


--- Megaera With Nyx 05 ---
Megaera: ...I think I understand, now, Nyx. You've been here longer than the rest of us combined. You've seen this House go through a lot. Even before Lord Hades took his place. I never should have doubted you.
Nyx: To doubt is an important instinct, Megaera. Without it, we could not conceive of better circumstances than the ones we know. Besides... I am the Night. Others shall always doubt me. You may doubt me again. I ask only that you heed well your intuitions, from now on.
Megaera: I will. I promise, Nyx. And if there's anything you ever need that I can do, well... please, just ask of me.


--- Megaera With Nyx 06 ---
Megaera: ...They can't be reasoned with, Nyx. You know that. What use are they to us, trying to manage this? They'll make things worse.
Nyx: They are your sisters. They are part of your life, whether you like it or not. Your relationship with them is yours to mold.
Megaera: I'm afraid there isn't much for me to work with. You have a lot more faith in them than I do.
Nyx: I have a lot more faith in *you*, Megaera. There are many obstinate personalities with whom we regularly interact. Thus, we do what is possible.


--- Persephone With Nyx 01 ---
Persephone: ...So if there's anything that I can do for you, Nyx, you need but ask, all right? I plan to pull my weight.
Nyx: Your services were always welcome, here. Please acclimate yourself at your own rate. I am available to answer any questions you may have at any time.
Persephone: Thank you, my friend. I have to tell you... it's good to be back.


--- Persephone With Nyx 02 ---
Persephone: ...I just don't know how I can ever repay you. For raising him. For *everything*. After I left... besides old Cerberus, I think maybe I missed you most of all.
Nyx: I can remember feeling similar emotions at the time. However, it is quite unnecessary to give thanks to me this way. You are the Queen, safely returned where you belong. I did what anybody would have in my place.
Persephone: Anybody would have lovingly raised my estranged son, while keeping safe my secret, eventually orchestrating an elaborate plot to reunite him with me, so that I might someday return, to have a Nectar with them in the lounge?


