--- Ending 01 ---
Persephone: ...I spent many days tending this garden... or nights? Quite difficult to tell the time here. But, it's held on longer than I would have expected...
Hades: ...Persephone... I...
Persephone: Cerberus! I missed you so. And dutiful as ever, aren't you.
Hades: ...I'm sorry. Know that I am sorry.
Persephone: Hades... you look tired. Though, I am not the only one you ought to be apologizing to.
Hades: I know. I know, I.... Why have you returned? If Olympus... if your mother discovers what happened, not even Zeus, not even *he *could stop what would transpire, here!
Persephone: *Oh*, I've a thought or two about how we can settle that. Though I shall need for you and Zagreus to cooperate with me on a solution. Or, if you'd rather, I could just return the way I came?
Hades: A solution? What, do you intend to have them over for Ambrosia? Not even you can fix a broken family, Persephone.
Persephone: You're right, Hades! I can't. Certainly not by myself. So, are you going to help me, or what?
Hades: ...I would do anything that you would ask of me.
Persephone: Then, first, talk to your son.
Hades: ...*Mm*. Zagreus? You have already met Persephone, our Queen. I expect for you to show deference to her, at all times!
Zagreus: Wow, Father, you called me by my name! What is this strange sensation that I feel? Perhaps it's this *deference *of which you speak?
Persephone: Oh, stop it, both of you. Don't make me regret this, Hades. Speak honestly with him. About yourself, not me. Go on.
Hades: Yes. I... Zagreus. I know there have been times... when I've let my mood reflect on you. I showed very little patience. Questioned your judgment, often, when my own was flawed. Thus, I apologize to you, my son. I have no excuses. And I ask no forgiveness.
Zagreus: What about the part where you lied to me about Mother, do you apologize for that? Your foul moods, and venting them on me... I've long since come to expect that from you. And I resented you for it. But I always thought... you're honest.
Hades: Your mother did not come here willingly when we originally met. When she left... believing you were stillborn... her decision was final. I believed that she was better off without the lot of us, Olympus included. Deceiving both of you... it tore against my being. But it needed to be done.
Zagreus: Well, you didn't need to vent all that inner turmoil onto me throughout my life. Though, I think I understand. I only wish I could have understood sooner. So, uh... what now? I've grown so used to ransacking your domain, I think I'm really going to miss it.
Hades: About that... your *ransacking *revealed many flaws in our security. The types that never get into reports. Our reputation rides on there being no escape from here. Would you... keep trying to break free? Not for my sake. But for this realm. For the Queen.
Persephone: Zagreus... If you keep fighting out of here... it shall help keep appearances that everything is as it always was.
Zagreus: Question, Father. Let's say I accept. When next I reach the surface... is it still going to be you waiting up there?
Hades: Ah, boy. If you think for an instant that I shall go easier on you because of this, you'll soon learn otherwise.
Zagreus: So I just battle to the surface and repeatedly kill my own father, then?
Hades: You have it half-correct!
Persephone: Perhaps you'll also tend to my little cottage while you're in the area? The garden doesn't take much care at all. I'd like to keep the place in decent shape. In case I cannot suffer this for long.
Zagreus: *Hahaha*, well! I guess I'll see what I can do.
Persephone: Just do the best you can. And, clearly, I've work to do as well. We have a lot of it ahead of us, I'd say. So, shall we get started, then?
Zagreus: *After all this time*, it's only been a few days! But it's been good. Mother and Father are back together, made some new friends, got this fancy painting! Easy. All is well in the Underworld!


--- Flashback 05 ---
Storyteller: *But then, there is the note... written finely in a hand and voice the likes of which the Prince had never seen or heard.*
Persephone: *'Hades: I can no longer tolerate my life here in this place. So, I am leaving, even if it kills me. I won't be returning to Olympus. If there is a place where I belong in this world, it must be somewhere between heaven and hell. Perhaps it's on the coast and has a little garden. Take care of Cerberus; I shall miss him.'*
Storyteller: *Thus did Prince of the Underworld Zagreus absorb the contents of this hidden letter, written in his mother's hand.*
Zagreus: His mother's hand, my mother's hand, wait, *what*?! You're saying this Persephone, that she's my... mother...? But, but Father always said that Nyx was my.... That liar. He lied to me, they both did. All my life!
Storyteller: *Uhhh erm thus did the Prince discover, inadvertently, the well-kept truth about his lineage. Entirely by chance, this did occur....*


--- Duo - Achilles and Persephone (1) ---
Persephone: ...Honored to have met you, great Achilles, our royal guard! Good to know whom to turn to, should anything run afoul around here. So it was you who instructed my son in the martial ways?
Achilles: Indeed, Your Grace. He was a talented student. If only you could have seen his progress. Surely you would have been very proud.
Persephone: I *am *proud! You know, you were already quite the name back on the surface when I lived upon Olympus. I should think your legend's spread much farther still, since then!
Achilles: Oh, I doubt that... although, thank you, Your Grace.


--- Duo - Nyx and Persephone (1) ---
Nyx: ...Persephone, my Queen... it has been far too long. Although, the passing of the time was very kind. It is an honor to see you again.
Persephone: Oh, please, Nyx! No formalities between us, right? It's wonderful to see you, too, my friend. The days there on the surface, they were very different, but the nights... I was reminded of our times together, here.
Nyx: Good times, I trust.
Persephone: Good times, most certainly! I try not to remember the others!
Nyx: We are pleased to have you back. Although, it shall be a difficult adjustment for you once again, I fear. For all of us.
Persephone: Well, having built a little house all by myself up there, I think I'm up for anything! You know what it's like.


--- Duo - Thanatos and Persephone (1) ---
Thanatos: Queen Persephone. All of us, we are most pleased you're back. If there is anything that I can do to ease your acclimation to this House, you need but ask.
Persephone: Why, thank you, Thanatos! I'll take you up on that if I can think of anything anytime soon. But my, you've grown! I understand you've been looking after my son, in the meantime?
Thanatos: Your son, he... is very capable of looking after himself, it turns out. Although I try to be there, just in case. Though, I must beg your pardon, Queen. Someone awaits me on the surface now.


--- Duo - Thanatos and Persephone (2) ---
Thanatos: ...I thank you for your blessings, Queen Persephone. Your son and I... we always were quite close, but through all this ordeal, we've become rather inseparable, I think.
Persephone: Well, I can see that he has better taste than I do, Thanatos! I have a sense of how industrious you are. You just take care of yourself, please. And take care of each other, too, all right?
Thanatos: As you will, Queen. I mean, all right.


--- Duo - Dusa and Persephone (1) ---
Dusa: *Um*, it's my great pleasure to make your acquaintance. Call me Dusa, please! I, I'm your House custodian? And I am at your service! Anything you need, just call, OK?
Persephone: Dusa! Wonderful to know you! This House is immaculate! Night-and-day difference from before. Now I know exactly whom to compliment.
Dusa: Thanks so much! I will not let you down!!


--- Duo - Orpheus and Persephone (1) ---
Persephone: ...*Ah*, but to think that our esteemed musician of the court is none other than *you*, Orpheus! In matters of music, at least, Hades and I have similar tastes. Anyway, I don't mean to keep you!
Orpheus: I shall be honored to perform my songs, Your Grace. And, might I add, Your Grace bears many of the striking features of your son? I understand now where he gets his charm.


--- Duo - Megaera and Persephone (1) ---
Megaera: ...It was my duty to prevent him from getting farther. If I succeeded... he never would have found you. So this once, I'm glad I failed. I hope you know that, my Queen.
Persephone: I hoped, but did not know for certain till I heard from you just now, Overseer Megaera! And, if I may? I understand you have achieved an awful lot since I took my, *erm*, leave of absence from this House. I see why Nyx and Hades put their trust in you!
Megaera: Thank you, my Queen. Then, if there's anything else that I can do to help you reacclimate yourself, I'm always at your service. You are most welcome, here.
Persephone: Likewise, you be sure to let me know if my son there happens to make more trouble for you than you welcome in your life. All right?


--- Persephone First Meeting ---
Persephone: Pray, who might you be, wandering all the way out here? You're trespassing on private property, you know. Speak up!
Zagreus: *Erm*, you must be... Persephone. My name is Zagreus, and... I think I might be your son.
Persephone: *What*?! How dare...! Get out of here! Get out, or I shall make you!! *Out *with you!
Zagreus: No!! So then you *are *her. I, I don't care if you hate me, but I'm not leaving until I get some answers! I never even knew you existed. Why did you leave me?
Persephone: You died! You, you *died*...! Those burning feet, they... sputtered out, when you were born. But... now you're standing here before me. How...?
Zagreus: I died? I died... what, you mean *permanently *died, but, I'm alive! Oh, gods... you never even knew I existed, either.
Persephone: Alive! Zagreus, he... even kept your name! You live, how can this be, you live? *You live*...! Oh, the cruel Fates! My son!
Zagreus: ...In short, I beat him, finally, though he did everything he could to prevent our meeting here like this. But there's something he wanted me to tell you, in the end. He said to tell you Cerberus is doing very well.
Persephone: *Ah*. He told you that, did he. That's good. That's good! Though, tell me something, Zagreus. How... is it that you found me? To have journeyed all this way, I scarce believe it.... Zagreus?
Zagreus: *Ugh*... Oh, it's... guess I'm just a little tired, that's all. Not accustomed to the weather, as I think you call it.
Persephone: No... no, that isn't it, it's that... you cannot stay here. You can't stay here.
Zagreus: Really, you're... *heh*... kicking me out? Why?
Persephone: The Fates are cruel, Zagreus. You're bound to that place... same as your father. So they would have us say good-bye, for now. My heart soars, knowing you live. Then it breaks, that our time together was so brief.
Zagreus: No... I can... come back... I can come back, now that I found you, he... maybe he'll just let me come back.
Persephone: You tell him I demand it. And I demand he also tell me how come he, or for that matter Nyx, never sent notice that you lived! Olympus is all rife with schemers, but I was so naive to think that they were different.
Zagreus: I'll tell him... I'll tell him, I... feel awful. I... I have to go.
Persephone: The Styx shall take you, then. Oh, Zagreus. Farewell, my son. Won't you come back to me? When you are able, please. Come back. I shall be waiting here. However long it takes.


--- Persephone Meeting 02 ---
Persephone: I begged the Fates that you'd return to me. Perhaps I ought to be more careful how I speak of them. Tell me, how was your journey? What happened?
Zagreus: Father didn't make it any easier for me. Nor would he tell me why he never sent for you, after you left. So, I don't know, what's going on, still, but... I wanted to see you, again.
Persephone: I wanted to see you, too. Come, speak quickly with me, that our time together here may be as full as possible, all right?
Zagreus: I just... I need to know what happened, between you and Father. Why are you here, and not with us?
Persephone: I couldn't live with myself anymore, down there. After I left Olympus, a long story in itself, I came to be with your father, in the Underworld. It was a shock, to say the least. The others in your father's house were welcoming enough, but... I never felt that I belonged.
Zagreus: I know the feeling, I think. But you stayed. Long enough to have me. Those whom I've spoken to about you, it's as you said, they have fond memories of you. And then, you even had a child. Did Father... did he mistreat you?
Persephone: No, no. Your father could be very difficult. Though, he was gentle, with me. Soon enough, we got on fine, better than fine, at times, but... when I was with child... why, I struggled terribly. Because... a child born of surface-dwellers could not live, down there.
Zagreus: Could not live down there, according to whom, exactly? The Fates?
Persephone: According to them, yes. According to your father, and to Nyx. Even having heard... I took my chances, anyway. But when you emerged stillborn... it was too much. I fled. I fled, and came to reside here. Above the notice of the Underworld. Beneath the notice of Olympus.
Zagreus: *Urgh*... but... why would Father lie to you? If he never wanted you... or never wanted me... surely he had the means.
Persephone: I don't know. I'm wondering the same. But, oh, look at you, Zagreus! We're running out of time. It's happening again! Stay with me, please?
Zagreus: ...I'm trying... but I can't... stay that much longer... I don't think.
Persephone: Oh, my dear son! Then please... ask Hades what you asked of me! Why he would lie? Tell him I must know, the same as you. And you farewell. Until we meet again!


--- Persephone Meeting 03 ---
Zagreus: Mother, I... discovered how come Father led you to believe that I could not survive past birth. He didn't lie to you, exactly. So he says.
Persephone: Wait, slow down, Zagreus, what do you mean? He told me you would not survive your birth, yet here you are. How wasn't that a lie?
Zagreus: Because... he thought it was the truth. The Fates appointed him dominion over the entire Underworld. But he would never have an heir, so he was led to understand. He never expected me to be born, much less survive.
Persephone: He never expected you to survive? Then, forgive my asking, but... why did you? *How *did you? The Fates are not known for making mistakes when it comes to such things.
Zagreus: Nyx saved my life. Or gave me life, I guess. Then raised me in your absence. The Fates are her daughters, right? Maybe she persuaded them to go easier on me. She cannot say more. In any case, apparently it took her quite a while to revive me, and... by then, you were gone.
Persephone: Nyx... of course she was involved. I only managed to escape because of her. Then, she restored my stillborn son to life, and nurtured him? And, I never would have known, unless that child, fully grown and having learned the truth, defied his father, and then found me here?
Zagreus: Yes. Although, we still don't know how come Father and Nyx never sent for you. Though, *ungh*, let me ask you something, Mother, if you please. If you had found out... that I was born, and very much alive... would you have come back?
Persephone: Would I have come back... to see my only child? Had I but known you lived... I would have gladly gone through hell again to see you, Zagreus. Of course I would have.
Zagreus: Well then... what if... *urgh*... what if Father... didn't want you... doing that?
Persephone: What if he didn't want me coming back to him? Or seeing you? Oh no, you're fading again, Zagreus. You've pushed yourself too hard! But what is it you meant, by what you said?


--- Persephone Meeting 04 ---
Persephone: So good to see you, again, Zagreus. Since last you left, I couldn't help but think the worst, about what happened after I had left... or soon before. You mentioned Nyx... you don't suppose that she and Hades... wanted me out of the way?
Zagreus: I just... don't think that can be. Though, let me ask you. How long did you know Father? And Nyx, for that matter? Did they seem trustworthy?
Persephone: Yes. I knew them long enough to have decided yes, that they were trustworthy. As much as anyone I've ever met. But I also know never to be trusting to a fault. I have to consider the possibility I was deceived.
Zagreus: Especially since neither of them is being forthcoming with me even now, right? And yet, I have this feeling something else is going on, Mother. The way that Father speaks of you, the way Nyx speaks of you... I think... they care for you.
Persephone: *Ah, hahaha*! Well, they have a funny way of showing it, I think. Your father, so... you have to get through *him *each time you visit *me*?
Zagreus: I do. Mother, what if... what if Father thinks that he's protecting you? Have you... considered that?
Persephone: Protecting me? Why Zagreus, what do you mean by that? As you can see, I can fend for myself.
Zagreus: Well... *urgh*... you're from Olympus, aren't you? But... the gods, none of them seem to know... you're here... so...
Persephone: What, how would you know something like that? Zagreus? Ah, curse the Fates, you're leaving me again...


--- Persephone Meeting 05 A ---
Persephone: Son, I have to ask you, how much do you know about your relatives upon Olympus?
Zagreus: I think I know quite a bit by now. I've been in steady contact with Athena, Zeus, and other members of the family ever since I first left Father's House... they've been assisting me in getting here.
Persephone: No... Zagreus, what have you done? You've led them *here*?
Zagreus: No, no, they think... they think I'm trying to escape from Father so that I can join them on their mountaintop. At least I *think *that's what they think. Most of them, anyway.
Persephone: But then... does Hades know of this? That Olympus is involved?
Zagreus: He does. Both he and Nyx. In fact, it's Nyx who put me and Olympus into contact. I could never have broken free of the Underworld if not for their help.
Persephone: So Nyx and Hades are against each other, then. And Olympus is helping you... but they don't know I'm here, as far as you're aware?
Zagreus: That's right. More or less. Nyx and Father seem to put up with each other. Don't seem to have much of a choice. Though, ever since I learned of you, Nyx has been helping me to find you... while Father's tried to stop me.
Persephone: That fool... what was he thinking? What *is *he thinking...? Do you suppose... he thinks that he's protecting me from *them*? Oh, no...
Zagreus: I... *urgh*... I think maybe he does think so, indeed... because, now having met my relatives upon Olympus, I... can definitely see that they can be a bit... vindictive about things.
Persephone: Vindictiveness runs in the family, my son. Then, if Olympus is involved, that would explain a lot. I'm here, not there with them, as you can see. But, oh, it seems we'll have to speak some more, when next you return...


--- Persephone Meeting 05 B ---
Persephone: Son, I have to ask you, how much do you know about your relatives upon Olympus?
Zagreus: A little. I've been in contact with Athena, Zeus, and other members of the family ever since I first left Father's House... they've been assisting me in getting here.
Persephone: No... Zagreus, what have you done? You've led them *here*?
Zagreus: No, no, they think... they think I'm trying to escape from Father so that I can join them on their mountaintop. At least I *think *that's what they think. Most of them, anyway.
Persephone: But then... does Hades know of this? That Olympus is involved?
Zagreus: He does. Both he and Nyx. In fact, it's Nyx who put me and Olympus into contact. I could never have broken free of the Underworld if not for their help.
Persephone: So Nyx and Hades are against each other, then. And Olympus is helping you... but they don't know I'm here, as far as you're aware?
Zagreus: That's right. More or less. Nyx and Father seem to put up with each other. Don't seem to have much of a choice. Though, ever since I learned of you, Nyx has been helping me to find you... while Father's tried to stop me.
Persephone: That fool... what was he thinking? What *is *he thinking...? Do you suppose... he thinks that he's protecting me from *them*? Oh, no...
Zagreus: I... *urgh*... I think maybe he does think so, indeed... because, now having met my relatives upon Olympus, I... can definitely see that they can be a bit... vindictive about things.
Persephone: Vindictiveness runs in the family, my son. Then, if Olympus is involved, that would explain a lot. I'm here, not there with them, as you can see. But, oh, it seems we'll have to speak some more, when next you return...


--- Persephone Meeting 06 ---
Persephone: I could not stand it on Olympus, Zagreus. The blustering, the posturing... my overbearing mother... none of it. I would have left the mountain voluntarily, except...
Zagreus: ...Except Father absconded with you, didn't he? Dragged you down with him into the Underworld. So if Olympus were to find that out... I shudder to think of the consequences.
Persephone: That fool is trying to protect me even now. It wasn't he who absconded with me, my son. And it's more complicated even than that. I was content to leave. Willing to make my life within the Underworld. With your father.
Zagreus: I dare not ask who *did *bring you to Father, then. So, essentially, you ran away from home, to live with *him*? I mean no disrespect, but... did you realize what you were getting yourself into?
Persephone: We have a tendency to be impetuous when we are younger, Zagreus. I'd heard all about your father before we met. Admired paintings of him. It was very awkward, at first. But he had a bluntness I fancied. A sense of principle. I much preferred him to his brothers, I can tell you that.
Zagreus: So, *urgh*... then you secretly left Mount Olympus to be with the god of the dead in the Underworld. And Olympus never found out. What do you suppose would happen... if they did?
Persephone: ...I think... there would be war between Olympus and your father, Zagreus, if they found out. Especially now. After all this. And after all this time. They slew their parents once. If the Titans could be wiped from this world, so can we all.
Zagreus: So it makes sense... if Father, he agrees with you, and thinks... that leaving you in hiding here, that it's the only way... he can prevent that war...
Persephone: I can see how your father, shrewd but also single-minded as he was, might have followed such a line of reasoning as that. Oh, Zagreus... what have I done?


--- Persephone Meeting 07 ---
Persephone: Zagreus... it's wonderful to see you, but... I need to ask something of you. That you not visit me again, here in this place. Both for your safety, and for mine.
Zagreus: Wait, what? Because of what would happen if the Olympians found out? So, after everything, you're taking *Father*'s side in all of this?!
Persephone: I am. Your father is no fool when it comes to matters such as this. Besides... all that has happened... it's my fault. I was selfish! And now both sides of our family threaten to be torn apart.
Zagreus: Your fault? So let's say you never left Olympus! Then it'd be just like you thought, until quite recently, I think. That I'd never existed! Besides, they haven't found out any of this. What makes you so sure they will, all the sudden?
Persephone: Nyx may be veiling you from them as she veiled me when I fled here myself. But even her own powers aren't infallible. Each time you visit me, you are incurring risk. One small slip, and they shall find me. Discover your deception. Go home, Zagreus. Please.
Zagreus: Go home *with *me, Mother! You came here under false pretenses. I haven't fought all this way, over and over again, only to turn back now. I need you in my life! How can you just... turn me away like this?
Persephone: Oh, Zagreus... I cannot return. After all that happened between Hades and me, and everyone, I just cannot fathom the idea. Besides... the risks we're taking would be even greater if Olympus were to find me there, with him. And you.
Zagreus: Then... *ungh*... you're just... going to stay here? Alone, in the middle of nowhere, in this little garden... forever? After we part ways, just like that?
Persephone: My son... I know you've made hard choices and sacrifices to be here with me. And I'm forever grateful to have finally met you. But this is my home, now, yes. While your home is below. Please, if not for your sake, then for mine... do not return. I love you, Zagreus. Good-bye.


--- Persephone Meeting 08 ---
Zagreus: You can't do this to me, Mother. You said Father is no fool, and neither are you. There has to be a way to fix this. Not just with you and Father, but with everyone. There has to be a way!
Persephone: ...You have your father's stubbornness. Listen to me. You're endangering everything you care about by coming here. Don't you understand? Besides...
Zagreus: What? Besides what? Tell me, please.
Persephone: ...The truth is that I like it here, Zagreus. I have done well for myself on my own. And your father, he has his domain to look after. The feelings he once had for me... feelings we shared... they fade, with time. You'll understand, someday.
Zagreus: *No*! I won't be understanding anything of the sort. Father still loves you. I'm sure of it! And, he owes you an apology, damn it! I cannot make amends with you on his behalf. It's something only you can do together.
Persephone: What do you mean he still loves me, Zagreus...? How would you know?
Zagreus: Because... *ungh*... I'm his blasted son, that's how I know! But *trust me *isn't ever good enough, I know that, too. I'll prove it to you, Mother! Just you wait and see.
Persephone: You're fading, Son... you don't need to prove anything to me. Please don't do anything rash. All of us made our choices. Now we have to live with them. Isn't it enough, to know that I am safe? That I'm content to be alone?
Zagreus: No... *urgh*... it's not... it's not enough, for me, because... this blasted family... it cannot just keep hiding from its problems! Running from them! We're stuck with one another, we... we have to do everything we can... for one another!
Persephone: I... oh, my dear boy...


--- Persephone Meeting 09 ---
Persephone: ...Of everything down in that gloomy House, I miss old Cerberus the most, I think. But, I miss other things as well. The lack of light was gentler on my skin. Not being as cold. And Nyx, and her young sons. It was all very odd, but...
Zagreus: Mother... in Father's bedchambers... mind you, there's almost nothing there, just neatly sorted rows of all his samey capes... but on his nightstand... is a portrait of *you*. Wearing a regal crown of red laurels. A Queen. *His *Queen.
Persephone: I was fitted for those garments when I first arrived. They... were not my customary style. So Hades has a portrait of me, still. Why would he put it back on display, now?
Zagreus: No, no, he's never let anybody in his bedchambers! I broke in. Don't you see? He didn't put your portrait back on display. It's always been there! Ever since you left. So, Mother, why do you suppose he would do that?
Persephone: Because he... because he loves me still. Is that what you want me to say?
Zagreus: Have you ever loved him, yourself?
Persephone: All I really wanted was to leave Olympus. I didn't exactly abscond. I doubt I had much of a choice, but I went willingly. Perhaps Zeus knew how I felt, and thought he was doing me a favor. As for Hades... I grew to love him, yes. He always gave me my space.
Zagreus: Won't you... *urgh*... won't you please talk to him? Or visit Cerberus again, or Nyx? As for Olympus... surely all of you... can figure something out...?
Persephone: ...I just don't know, my son. Olympus is behind me. And the Underworld... I cannot imagine I would be very welcome there after all this time.


--- Persephone Returns Home 01 ---
Zagreus: Mother, wait, what is all this?
Persephone: Oh, Zagreus, I almost missed you. Truthfully, I hoped that I could make it a surprise...
Zagreus: Make what a surprise?
Persephone: My arrival. I'm going. To your home. To Cerberus. Nyx. Your father.
Zagreus: You're... *really*?! Mother, you, you're serious?
Persephone: I am. Now if you could just help me pack up my remaining things? Only a few loose odds I'm bringing, just in case. If we hurry, maybe you could join me, rather than return the customary way. Not something a mother ever wants to see.
Zagreus: Join you, but... wait, how are you going to get back? I... hadn't thought that far ahead.
Persephone: Just so happens I know somebody who can give us a ride.
Persephone: Doubtless he has pressing matters to attend to. So let's not keep him waiting any longer, Son. Come on, then!
Zagreus: *<Sigh> *...I'm still alive... but, how?
Persephone: You're on the River Styx. No longer in the mortal realm, entirely.
Zagreus: I can't believe that this is happening.
Persephone: I know. My heart is racing. Nothing like a river journey to remind oneself that there's no turning back.
Zagreus: Seriously. Though, even after all of this... it's like we only just met. I have so many questions for you still.
Persephone: We'll have plenty of time for them, I think! For now, best we keep quiet. Pretend we're just a couple of dead souls on their final voyage.


--- Persephone Boat Ride 02 ---
Zagreus: This is embarrassing, but... I don't know the way to get back in. Except, you know, the customary way.
Persephone: That's quite all right; I do. *In the name of Persephone, the Queen*!! Open the gates!


--- Persephone Home Meeting 01 ---
Zagreus: How has it been for you so far, Mother? Reacclimating to all this. You said before it was a struggle. Must be very strange, being back. Being in darkness all the time.
Persephone: You know, I think it's gone all right so far! Thank you for asking, Son. Everyone has been quite welcoming. The darkness is a pleasant change of pace, and while this dress can be a little difficult to move in... I quite like it.
Zagreus: That's good to hear. I have to admit I was a little worried you'd be desperate to return to your cottage by now. This place can be a little much.
Persephone: I'm sure it can. And I do miss my little cottage here and there, but... I think I'm through running away. There may be times when it is necessary, of course. But no matter how far you run, it doesn't make your problems go away. You taught me that, you know.
Zagreus: I did? But... I tried desperately to run away, myself.... Oh.


--- Persephone Home Meeting 02 ---
Persephone: Turns out there's still an awful lot to do around here, isn't there, Zagreus? I'm still getting caught up on day-to-day affairs.
Zagreus: Day-to-day, how can you even tell it's day around here, anyway, Mother?
Persephone: Well that was just a guess, now that you mention it. In any case, forgive me if I don't get swooped up in every household detail, all right?


--- Persephone Home Meeting 03 ---
Zagreus: So, Mother, all the pomegranates around here... those are your doing?
Persephone: Not a lot of fruit trees take to this environment, my son. Though, there's something about pomegranates! Maybe it's that their seeds so resemble the gemstones your father likes so much. Or that they don't need much water.
Zagreus: ...Fruit trees, huh. I grew up around all these poms and never thought much of it. Are there many other types of fruit trees on the surface, then?
Persephone: Well... I suppose there are a few. But I like pomegranates most of all.


--- Persephone Home Meeting 04 ---
Zagreus: This garden isn't quite the sight yours was back on the surface, is it, Mother.
Persephone: On the contrary, Zagreus! It has its own unique charm. As each garden does. I was impressed it wasn't left entirely to rot after my absence.
Zagreus: It was totally off limits to me. Though I guess Father must have taken care to maintain it as best he could.
Persephone: He did, all right. Minus the part where you weren't allowed. Though, let's look after it from here, shall we?


--- Persephone Home Meeting 05 ---
Zagreus: You know, that painting in Father's... I mean your bedchambers, it turned out rather well, didn't it? Some very talented shades around here.
Persephone: *Oh*, it's beautiful! I tried to persuade your father to hang it out in the hall but he's too coy about such things. Though, I like it where it is... a reminder to us, every day and night.


--- Persephone Home Meeting 06 ---
Persephone: This garden may not have all the varieties available up on the surface... though it's coming along rather nicely, I should say!


--- Persephone Home Meeting 07 ---
Persephone: It's lovely what you've done to this place, Zagreus! It's looking better than ever, thank you.


--- Persephone Run Cleared 01 ---
Persephone: Were you able to make it to my cottage on the surface, Zagreus? I hope my lavender patches are doing all right.
Zagreus: I, *erm*... I couldn't make it all the way there, Mother. It's like... without your presence on the surface, I'm unable to hang on for very long at all.
Persephone: *Ah*, I was afraid of that. Well, don't despair. I placed a charm upon my seedlings there that ought to keep them flourishing well on their own. Your duty now is simply to escape. You keep it up!


--- Persephone About Hades 01 ---
Persephone: Tell me something, Zagreus... sometimes I fear... do you hate him? I mean your father. Regardless of his intentions... it sounds as though he made your life extraordinarily difficult. All his pent-up fear and anger... you bore the brunt of it.
Zagreus: Do I hate him...? Mother, I don't know that I hate anybody, really. The tales of him and the Olympians rending their immortal Titan parents to bits... I can't relate to how they must have felt. But, I resented him, for sure. And... I don't know if I'll ever get over that, entirely.
Persephone: I understand. I think that when Hades told you he asked no forgiveness, he understood as well, and meant it. Well, for all his failings, I'm thankful that he did not teach you how to hate. For your own sake, if not for his.


--- Persephone About Hades 02 ---
Persephone: So, how has it been between you and your father lately, Zagreus? I know the two of you have lots of work ahead of you. Especially him.
Zagreus: Well, it's been all right, I guess. I think he's set in some of his ways. But at least we have some sort of understanding now. Even if he acts like everything is still the same when I'm out there on the job.
Persephone: He says it's so you put forth your fullest effort every time. All this is a big adjustment for him as well. Not that it's any excuse for how he's treated you. Are you... all right, seeing us together?


--- Persephone About Hades 03 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, so are things with you and Father... everything all right, so far?
Persephone: Things are good, Zagreus. I'm from Olympus... all the relationships I've ever known have been the complicated sort. But with your father... despite our different dispositions and interests... beneath it all, we share a simple understanding.
Zagreus: And... what understanding is that? If you can share.
Persephone: That we're all we've got. And that we love each other. Through thick and thin.
Zagreus: Wait, you're not... you're not thinking about having more children, are you...?


--- Persephone About Nyx 01 ---
Persephone: Nyx has a very steady presence, doesn't she? I want to say she hasn't changed a bit since before you were born, but... I know that she's been through a lot.
Zagreus: She's always managed, and quite gracefully at that. Never seen her break a sweat over anything. Even when I confronted her about you. Though, you two seem closer than I realized, I think.
Persephone: Well, your father isn't always the conversationalist, and Nyx... she was the first chthonic god I ever met. I suppose she welcomed having another lady about the House.


--- Persephone About Nyx 02 ---
Persephone: Zagreus... how am I doing? As a mother. Tell me honestly. Nyx has had so much to share about raising you. Foods you hated or enjoyed, your natural abilities, your friendships... she knows everything! Sometimes I wonder how I can ever compete?
Zagreus: Mother, I think you're doing great. And I'm sure you know it's not a competition between you and Nyx. I just get the benefit of having two great mothers rather than one. Or zero.
Persephone: Thank you, my son. I know I wasn't there for most of the hard part, but... I'm here, now. Though, when I inevitably, inadvertently trample all over your feelings at some point, please tell me, all right?


--- Persephone About Charon 01 ---
Zagreus: Mother, one thing I was wondering about was, how did you summon Charon to your surface residence? Especially without, you know, being dead.
Persephone: *Oh*, why... he gave me his calling card after he graciously helped get me out of here the first time. No doubt at Nyx's request, but still. Never thought I'd use it, but... I still kept it. Just in case.


--- Persephone Backstory 01 ---
Zagreus: Mother, you'll forgive my asking, but... your mother used to call you by a different name, didn't she?
Persephone: *Ah*, don't remind me. Imagine if I called you *Zaggie-poo *from when you were born to this very moment, that's how that name felt to me. I much preferred the name my father gave to me.
Zagreus: Your mortal father, right...? So he called you Persephone. What was he like?
Persephone: He was kind to me. And funny! Little bringer of destruction, I was to him. I liked that. He was right, I was a terror. But then he passed. I was very little still. My mother never spoke of him again.
Zagreus: Demeter mentioned him a bit to me. She seems... I don't know, but I don't sense that she regrets the relationship or anything. Just sad about the outcome I think.
Persephone: I suppose I can see that. I thought I might end up like Father... growing old, wasting away. Then the time flew by, and I realized I was closer to Mother's side. Mortals certainly don't have it easy. But their limited days, it means... they live their lives to the fullest, I think.


--- Persephone About Eternal Winter 01 ---
Zagreus: Mother, just how long has it been snowing on the surface, do you know? Because, it seems to me that Demeter... Grandmother, I should say, she... well, it's been very cold up there each time I've been.
Persephone: I was afraid of that... I wanted to believe the snow about my cottage, it was native to the climate there, but... seems that Mother took my absence harder than I thought. Oh, what have I done. All those poor people.
Zagreus: It's not your fault. You couldn't have known. And we can fix this, right?


--- Persephone About Nyx Chaos Reunion Quest 01 ---
Persephone: Nyx told me that you helped her reconnect with her parent... after a long, long time. That was very kind of you. She never asks for anything. But we all owe her a lot, don't we?
Zagreus: I think so. If not for her... I can't even imagine, really. Did Nyx ever speak to you of Chaos, before I was born?
Persephone: Not really, no. Nyx is very private when it comes to personal matters. But she has feelings and desires same as anybody. Well, mostly, but the point is... I know this meant a lot to her.


--- Persephone About Myrmidon Reunion Quest 01 ---
Persephone: It seems Achilles had a complicated arrangement with your father. I understand you simplified things for the better, there, and he was able to visit Elysium at last. Well done.


--- Persephone About Singers Reunion Quest 01 ---
Persephone: So Orpheus was finally able to reunite with Eurydice because of you, my son? *Ah*, I'm so glad! Your father's arrangement with him was quite severe. Though he did ask for a lot, for a mortal soul to return to the land of the living...
Zagreus: Is it even possible, for Father to return a mortal back to life if he so chose? Just by letting their shade escape, or something?
Persephone: Oh, I've no idea, probably not? But we were so moved by Orpheus' plea and song, that, well... I think your father took pity on him.
Zagreus: Wait, *we *were so moved? You were there when Orpheus came to try and rescue Eurydice?
Persephone: I was. Your father knew I loved their music. Imagine my surprise to see him as our court musician, here!


--- Persephone About Thanatos Relationship 01 ---
Persephone: I always fancied Thanatos, you know. So put together and everything! I'm pleased to see you've grown so close. Things good between you two?


--- Persephone About Dusa Relationship 01 ---
Persephone: That Dusa sure has quite the uplifting presence around here, doesn't she, Zagreus? Sometimes I see you chatting and it warms my heart.


--- Persephone About Dusa Firing 01 ---
Persephone: Zagreus, I know you're upset about what happened between Nyx and Dusa. Before you ask... I need to respect Nyx's space and authority on this one, all right?


--- Persephone About Dusa Firing 02 ---
Persephone: I saw that Dusa had returned. I trust Nyx's judgment, though I must admit I was pleased to see she decided to give her another chance.


--- Persephone About Olympian Reunion Quest 01 ---
Persephone: All right. We've matters with Olympus to resolve. They don't know I'm here, most of them, besides Zeus, maybe Athena. They think you're Nyx's son rather than mine, and that your goal is still to join them on their mountaintop.
Zagreus: What a mess. What can we do? The gods of Olympus have all been very good to me, for the most part. I don't feel great about deceiving them. They keep trying to help me escape!
Persephone: What can we do? We can make peace with them. And let them know the truth. So much of it as they would tolerate. Diplomacy is not your father's strong suit. But I am going to need you two to do exactly as I say. Do you understand?
Zagreus: Yes, Mother. So what do you intend to do, and how do I fit in?
Persephone: We're going to invite all of them to a little family gathering! Here. And you shall personally deliver them their invitations, Zagreus.
Zagreus: Mother, are you serious? So, we're just going to have a bash with them, and they'll just see you after all this time, and be fine with everything?
Persephone: They certainly shall not be fine with everything. But, Hades and I, we'll be prepared to tell them what they need to hear. Don't worry, I shall do the talking.
Zagreus: What are you going to say?
Persephone: Oh, you know! That we met, fell in love, eloped. Had a child. A child who, once grown, sought desperately to reconnect with his extended family. To the chagrin of his grim lord father...
Zagreus: That's... that's all true. As individual statements, at least.
Persephone: ...Fortunately, our loving and dutiful son at last persuaded his mother and father to reveal their secretive relationship, and make an effort to rejoin their great family.
Zagreus: Your mother won't be happy that you left.
Persephone: I'll deal with her. Perhaps I'll have to visit her and the rest of them from time to time, if that's what it shall take. But I'll be back. I've no choice! Did you know that if you eat the seeds of an Underworld pomegranate, then you cannot leave for one month out of the year, per seed?
Zagreus: What? No, I never knew that.
Persephone: Neither do they.
Zagreus: How soon is this family gathering you have in mind going to take place?
Persephone: Soon after you invite them all, I hope. Now, go. And trust in me, all right? We have a lot to learn of trust, I think.


--- Persephone About Olympian Reunion Quest 02 ---
Persephone: How goes the doling out of invitations, Zagreus? Have the Olympians been amenable to the idea?
Zagreus: Not just amenable, Mother. Positively intrigued. I can't believe you scrambled the invitations in such a way that, only with the lot of them combined will they get all of the details!
Persephone: A bit of collaboration seemed in the spirit of things. We're a great, big family, Zagreus. Past time we started acting like one, no? Now, keep it up. And thank you for your help.


--- Persephone About Olympian Reunion Quest 03 ---
Zagreus: Mother, this family gathering you're planning... are all our relatives welcome? Because I was wondering if I could extend the invitation to a distant ancestor... you know... Chaos.
Persephone: Nyx's parent... you've been in contact, then? Look, if you feel it's the right thing to do, I trust your judgment. The spirit of this event is to bring the family together.
Zagreus: Thanks. I doubt Chaos would be able to attend, though would still appreciate the thought.


--- Olympian Reunion Quest Complete ---
Zagreus: It's done, Mother! Father. The invitations. Personally sent to everyone with whom I've been in contact. So, what do we do now?
Persephone: Excellent, Zagreus! Congratulate him, Hades! On a job well done.
Hades: *Grr. *Persephone, how can you be so certain your request was executed to your satisfaction?
Persephone: It's known as trust, Hades. Or faith? They're similar. Try one, sometime! It'll be good for you. As for what we do next... why, we've a great, big feast we must prepare!
Hades: This House is not a suitable location for such guests! Dionysus, alone, shall bring ruin to this place! Or... *urgh*... the faith thing that you said.
Persephone: Yes, good! Now then... we have a lot of work to go around, so why don't we call everyone on staff, and let them in on this, and dole out suitable responsibilities, all right?
Hades: All right....
Zagreus: All right.
Persephone: All right!
Persephone: ...*Whew*! I'd say that went about as well as could have been expected! And the cleanup wasn't all that bad. For the most part.
Zagreus: We're fortunate Uncle Zeus seemed to catch on right away, and went along with it. But, this whole elaborate tale you spun... I remember how hurt I felt when I found out Father lied to me about you. Now we're lying to Olympus. What if they find out? Even if they don't... I don't like it.
Persephone: Zagreus... I may not be an expert... but here's what I've come to understand about how families work. At least our own. The thing is... how we speak to one another is even more important than the words we use. I think, deep down, everyone in our family knows this.
Zagreus: You're saying they all knew you weren't being perfectly honest, and went along with it anyway? I guess the pomegranate thing in particular was a bit of a stretch.
Persephone: The common ground in our family is that we want peace. Besides Ares, though even he would rather the conflict occur elsewhere. That elaborate tale... it's less a deception, and more a concession. A way of saying let's move on from the past, and start anew. No hard feelings.
Zagreus: You don't have hard feelings? What about Father? What about Demeter?
Persephone: Well, let's see. My hard feelings are nothing next to the joy of having my son in my life. Your father never imagined his relationship with me could be out in the open. And my mother... she's just glad I'm alive.
Zagreus: And Uncle Zeus is glad things didn't turn out worse for *him*. I get the sense he acts a bit impulsively at times, and deals with the consequences later.
Persephone: What can I tell you, Zagreus? We're family. You said it yourself to me before: We're stuck with one another. That any of us like each other in the slightest... it's a wonder and a blessing, I think.
Zagreus: Yeah. I know what you mean. Thanks, Mother. Think I'll be heading out again soon. See you when I get back?


--- Persephone Leaves To Olympus 01 ---
Zagreus: I have to say, Mother, that was a clever plan. Convincing Father to finally let somebody have some fun around here.
Persephone: *Haha*, well! I'm glad it worked out for the best. There's just one thing that happened that I ought to tell you about, Son. No secrets between us, and all. This... is quite difficult for me to say.
Zagreus: It's about Demeter, isn't it. You two were talking half the night. She wants you to come home with her, doesn't she? You'll always be her little one, something like that?
Persephone: Indeed... something like that. You're quite perceptive, have I ever told you, Zagreus? But yes, my mother, she was quite conflicted. Didn't know whether to smite me or to hold me, maybe both. And, yes. She asked that I come home... to my responsibilities.
Zagreus: So... you're leaving...? No, Mother, you can't be leaving, you just got here!
Persephone: Oh, it's not as bad as that, it's just... if we are to keep the peace down here, then, I must spend some time up there. Every so often! But, I shall always return, in no time at all. I promised Hades, and I promise you.
Zagreus: Well then... when are you going to go?
Persephone: Soon, Zagreus. Perhaps by the time you're back.
Zagreus: I don't suppose... I can come with you, can I?
Persephone: *Tsk*, you know the surface isn't good for you! Besides, you're needed here. But, if you really want to see it for yourself, someday, who knows? Perhaps eventually we'll figure out a way.
Zagreus: I'm going to miss you, Mother.


--- Persephone Returns From Olympus 01 ---
Zagreus: Welcome home, Mother! How was your trip, things go all right with you and Demeter? With... Grandmother. Still getting used to thinking of her that way.
Persephone: You know, it's funny... I think she was so overwhelmed to see me again that maybe something finally changed in her. I always thought she was utterly unyielding. She asked me if I truly came here by choice, and I put her at ease.
Zagreus: Ah, that's a relief. Grandmother can be rather intense, but... she's been kind to me, and very helpful, too. Do you suppose she'll ease up on the whole eternal winter thing there on the surface, now that she knows you're safe?
Persephone: I asked. She told me that she would. Warmth shall return to the surface. Some of the time, at least. Likely on a rigid schedule, knowing her. And perhaps not in the vicinity of our domain. She's not the sort to forgive and simply forget.


--- Duo - Persephone and Hades (1) ---
Persephone: ...*Oh*, come on, Hades! Mortals are much more resilient than that! What, you think they'll show up at your gates here, all at once? They have our family looking out for them.
Hades: That is what I'm afraid of. Do you truly believe my brothers and the rest shall take the sort of care of them while they draw breath, as we do here after they have expired?
Persephone: It's true we have to look out for them indefinitely, while Olympus need only look out for them for a little while. But our relatives are always watching from their mountain! And if they do turn a blind eye once in a while... mortals aren't bad at fending for themselves.
Hades: But they are never satisfied! Always begging us to provide more, and more.
Persephone: They *like *us, Hades! They praise us, tell one another about us. What do you expect? Would you rather they forgot about us?
Hades: ...No. No, I suppose not. But they *need *us!


--- Duo - Persephone and Hades (2) ---
Hades: ...And what of the complaints from Elysium? They wanted the lawns thoroughly manicured for their athletic contests.
Persephone: Already taken care of. Though, the flooding in Asphodel, *hm*, that doesn't look like something we can clear up for quite some time. Fortunately, the residents seem to be getting accustomed to it.
Hades: There have been fewer reports about it as of late. And what of the Satyr problem? Blasted things are rampant up there, still.
Persephone: Well, they're probably contained up there, at least. And Zagreus has been keeping them in check, hasn't he?


--- Duo - Persephone and Hades (3) ---
Hades: ...Well, be that as it may... if they pester you at all, do let me know, and I shall have them dealt with quickly.
Persephone: *Oh*, Hades... I think the shades around here have been through enough as it is! I don't mind them. After all the time I spent on my own, having some company has been a welcome change.
Hades: You are certain all your needs have been provided for? Because if there is anything that you require...
Persephone: *Require*? Look at this place, Hades. Look at *me*! I have everything! And so do you. Try not to worry quite so much. And be patient with your son. That's all I ask.
Hades: Persephone, I cannot promise you such things, they're... not my strengths. Besides, I have a reputation to uphold! *God of the dead*! If the wretches do not fear me, or *you *for that matter... what, then?
Persephone: I'm not going to tell you how to balance your work, your marriage, and your parental responsibilities. I don't think anybody on Olympus or below knows quite how best to manage that. So long as we do our best.


--- Duo - Persephone and Hades (4) ---
Hades: ...Sometimes, I... still cannot believe that you are here. Returned to us. Your radiance, in all this darkness... you must miss seeing the coast.
Persephone: The coast was nice enough, Hades. But nothing is ever perfect, right? No matter how hard you try. Still... I think we get quite close around here, every once in a while.
Hades: You have taken much less time adjusting to this place than when first you joined us. Part of my surprise. I, myself, was forced to be here. I never thought anyone would come from the surface here by choice.
Persephone: The heart can make us do the strangest things, can't it?


--- Duo - Persephone and Nyx (1) ---
Persephone: ...So if there's anything that I can do for you, Nyx, you need but ask, all right? I plan to pull my weight.
Nyx: Your services were always welcome, here. Please acclimate yourself at your own rate. I am available to answer any questions you may have at any time.
Persephone: Thank you, my friend. I have to tell you... it's good to be back.


--- Duo - Persephone and Nyx (2) ---
Persephone: ...I just don't know how I can ever repay you. For raising him. For *everything*. After I left... besides old Cerberus, I think maybe I missed you most of all.
Nyx: I can remember feeling similar emotions at the time. However, it is quite unnecessary to give thanks to me this way. You are the Queen, safely returned where you belong. I did what anybody would have in my place.
Persephone: Anybody would have lovingly raised my estranged son, while keeping safe my secret, eventually orchestrating an elaborate plot to reunite him with me, so that I might someday return, to have a Nectar with them in the lounge?


--- Duo - Persephone and Cerberus (1) ---
Persephone: Oh, Cerberus! Doubtless you deserve the biggest thanks that this House still stands, don't you? Did you enjoy the treat I brought you from the surface?
Storyteller: *The surface-treat-devouring hound of hell provides the Queen a most decidedly affirmative response.*
Persephone: I thought you might. You wouldn't know it wasn't made of meat, I'll bet! I'll see if we can't grow you plenty more.


--- Duo - Persephone and Cerberus (2) ---
Persephone: You're such a good boy, aren't you, Cerberus? Yes you are! Guarded the place while I was out. And even let my son come visit me!
Storyteller: *The ever-vigilant and terrifying Cerberus merely accepts the praise.*


--- Persephone Chat 01 ---
Persephone: I'm sorry, Zagreus, I've pressing matters to attend to now.


--- Persephone Chat 02 ---
Persephone: Do let me know if I can help with anything, all right?


--- Persephone Chat 03 ---
Persephone: Your father's prouder of you than you think.


--- Persephone Chat 04 ---
Persephone: Go make us proud, my son.


--- Persephone Chat 05 ---
Persephone: Keeping the realm secure as ever, right?


--- Persephone Chat 06 ---
Persephone: It's always nice to have a chat with you.


--- Persephone Chat 07 ---
Persephone: I think the House is well enough in order as of late.


--- Persephone Chat 08 ---
Persephone: I hope your last assignment turned out well.


--- Persephone Chat 09 ---
Persephone: Do give yourself a break from time to time!


--- Persephone Chat 10 ---
Persephone: I ever tell you you're the best son that a mother's ever had?


--- Persephone Chat 11 ---
Persephone: Hope my little cottage on the coast is holding up!


--- Persephone Chat 12 ---
Persephone: Please keep an eye on my garden on the surface when you get a chance.


--- Persephone Chat 13 ---
Persephone: I'd say this garden's doing quite all right for now.


--- Persephone Chat 14 ---
Persephone: Don't let your father get to you too much, all right?


--- Persephone Chat 15 ---
Persephone: You're looking just as well as ever, Zagreus.


--- Persephone Chat 16 ---
Persephone: You show your father who's in charge next chance you get, all right?


--- Persephone Chat 17 ---
Persephone: The pomegranate trees are coming in nicely still, the tough old things.


--- Persephone Chat 18 ---
Persephone: You'll let me know if there's something that I can do for you?


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 01 ---
Persephone: We have to say farewell again, for now, my son. Olympus calls, but I'll be back, all right?


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 02 ---
Persephone: I shall be leaving again for Olympus soon. I'll miss you, Son.


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 03 ---
Persephone: I must go visit Mother on Olympus, Zagreus. I'll tell her you said hi.


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 04 ---
Persephone: I have to go again, soon, Zagreus, all right? I'll see you soon.


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 05 ---
Persephone: I'm due to visit Mount Olympus once again, so please be good to one another while I'm out.


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 06 ---
Persephone: Time that I headed up to Mount Olympus, though you keep an eye on things till I get back?


--- Persephone Leaving Chat 07 ---
Persephone: I have to go now, Zagreus, but I shall see you just as soon as I return.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 01 ---
Persephone: Things are well enough upon Olympus. Though, it's a relief to have come home again.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 02 ---
Persephone: Don't think I'll ever get fully accustomed to Olympus, Son.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 03 ---
Persephone: Zagreus, you're the most welcome sight I've seen in quite some time.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 04 ---
Persephone: Always such an exhausting journey, from Olympus down to here.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 05 ---
Persephone: I trust that you and Hades have been good to one another since I left?


--- Persephone Returned Chat 06 ---
Persephone: I'll tell you, it is so much colder up there on that mountaintop.


--- Persephone Returned Chat 07 ---
Persephone: This is a welcome sight from all the snow-capped mountaintops.


--- Duo - Chat and Nyx (1) ---
Persephone: Oh we're busy just formulating more of our dark schemes together, Zagreus.


--- Duo - Chat and Nyx (2) ---
Persephone: Nyx here is a wellspring of parental advice, as it turns out!


--- Duo - Chat and Nyx (3) ---
Persephone: Nyx was just telling me some more about your early days, my son.


--- Duo - Chat and Nyx (4) ---
Persephone: It seems I failed once again to persuade Nyx to take some personal time!


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (1) ---
Persephone: Please excuse your father and me for the moment, Zagreus.


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (2) ---
Persephone: Go on, Hades. Try saying something nice to him, for once.


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (3) ---
Persephone: Your father and I still have a bit of work here to wrap up.


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (4) ---
Persephone: The work certainly never ceases, Zagreus!


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (5) ---
Persephone: More than enough parchmentwork to go around!


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (6) ---
Persephone: Plenty of parchmentwork to contend with, I can assure you, Zagreus!


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (7) ---
Persephone: Don't go too hard on each other out there, all right?


--- Duo - Chat and Hades (8) ---
Persephone: I've heard that you've been doing great out there lately, Zagreus.


--- Persephone Gift 01 ---
Zagreus: *Erm*, Mother? Was it always a custom in Father's House to secretly give Nectar to those you care about? I guess it also could have been a thing on Olympus. Look, I wanted you to have this. I'm so glad I found you.
Persephone: Oh, Zagreus, you're so thoughtful, truly! Your father never permitted Nectar out in the open so I'd practically forgotten its savor. Though, just a moment, I have something for you, too!


--- Persephone Gift 02 ---
Persephone: For me? Are you quite sure? You know, this vintage must have made it all the way up from the surface, to the mountains, then to here. We've both had distant journeys, haven't we?
Zagreus: Well, I, for one, am certain this vintage here has journeyed to the right place. Please enjoy it.


--- Persephone Gift 03 ---
Persephone: I must confess I do enjoy having a good bottle of Nectar, every now and then. And you appear to have a careful eye for such bottles, from what I can tell!
Zagreus: My careful eye has got to be the green one, hasn't it. To having a discerning eye, Mother!


--- Persephone Gift 04 ---
Persephone: Thank you very much, my son! You know, gift-giving customs of the Underworld are just so much more straightforward than the complicated social graces of Olympus!
Zagreus: If there are other ways of showing one's appreciation than with Nectar and the like, well, they must pale in comparison I'm sure!


--- Persephone Gift 05 ---
Persephone: *Oh*, this is wonderful, except... I'm wracked with guilt for having nothing much to give you, in return. You never even got a mother's love from me.
Zagreus: Please don't say that, it's just a gift, all right? Besides... can't we start now? Mother and son type things. If you would like.
Persephone: I'd like that even more than this fine Nectar, Zagreus!


--- Persephone Gift 06 ---
Persephone: Somebody raised you very well indeed, my son. Nyx, I suppose. I'll never be half the mother she is. She's done it for aeons! While I'm only getting started.
Zagreus: For what it's worth, I happen to think you're off to an excellent start. Nyx did teach me a lot. Achilles, too, and Father, in a way. But there is no replacing your presence. I felt that before we ever met. And now I know for sure.
Persephone: Thank you, Zagreus. Let's hope you're right. I nurtured very many plants, at least, of that I can assure you! Perhaps my gardening experience provided a bit of a head start on this whole mothering thing.


--- Persephone Gift 07 ---
Zagreus: Mother, I know there may not be many things you miss from living on Olympus, though I wondered if perhaps Ambrosia may be one of them. And got you some, because... well, here.
Persephone: ...Why, this really is Ambrosia! How did you even acquire this, Zagreus? It brings back memories, for certain. And, never the bad ones, which... I think it must be why we prize this stuff so much. This is for me?
Zagreus: It is, it is, of course! And, it's my dearest hope that, at some point long from now, when you're relaxing with a bottle of Ambrosia, dare I say perhaps with Father... that these memories will be among the ones that spring to mind.
Persephone: *Oh*, my son... I shall certainly not need Ambrosia to think back upon getting to know you with the greatest fondness. Thank you very much.


--- Persephone Gift 08 ---
Zagreus: Here, Mother. More bottled pleasant memories for you. I know you're glad you've long since left Olympus, but... I'm glad you were there, because the experience of it must have played no small part in making you who you are.
Persephone: You know, the last bottle you gave me brought more pleasant memories than I expected. No telling just how many more of them I've tucked away. Say, would it be all right if I shared this with your father?
Zagreus: It is yours to do with as you please.
Persephone: *Haha*, almost sounded like a *no *to me!
Zagreus: *No*! I mean, yes, please share it with Father, if he would be willing... I imagine what few pleasant memories he has are all of you.
Persephone: Nonsense, there's also Cerberus! Present company excluded. Come on, Son. Your father has a lot of work to do, but I'm absolutely certain that he has fond memories of you. Though, I know that isn't reassuring, coming from me.
Zagreus: Everything is somehow reassuring, coming from you, Mother.


--- Persephone Gift 09 ---
Zagreus: I thought about it more, Mother, and I would like very much if you and Father were to share this. Though, maybe don't let on where you got it, just in case?
Persephone: This is splendid, Zagreus, but please! If there's one thing I've learned since we met, it's that the trust we share is at the very foundation of our relationships. Why shouldn't he know who this is from? Besides, I think he could figure it out.
Zagreus: Well, when it came to the Olympians, you said yourself that there was only so much truth that they could tolerate. Are you sure Father would be tolerant knowing I got this for the both of you?
Persephone: I'm sure enough! And if he isn't, I suppose it's more for me.
Zagreus: *Haha*, well! Just as long as someone puts it to good use.
Persephone: ...You know I always wanted to be a mother, Zagreus? But after you were born... I was certain I had lost my chance. Then one fine morning you just walked into my life. And here we are. I still cannot entirely believe it. What I mean is... I love you, Son. I'm doing my best.
Zagreus: I know. I love you, too, Mother.


